[SPEAKER_03]: you get when you take a Lil Nas X fan hearing about the Red Cross' warning of a low supply of donated blood?
[SPEAKER_03]: A custom PC from Blizzard!
[SPEAKER_03]: Moving away from grease and hypertension, Blizzard is incentivizing the donation of blood by offering in-game loot and a chance at a custom PC build infused with human blood, whose blood has not been stated.
[SPEAKER_03]: I see you, Hemantapages.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is the Sanguinarian-friendly intro.
[SPEAKER_03]: Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_00]: Hello, my friends.
[SPEAKER_00]: Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_00]: It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are back once again here on October the 29th, 2023 for episode number 979 of our show.
[SPEAKER_00]: We're back after a week off.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm sure we'll talk plenty about that in just a moment.
[SPEAKER_00]: But first, let's introduce ourselves.
[SPEAKER_00]: I am Rob Roberts, and I'm here with you every week, as well as my co-host, first off, DarkSakura, or Jamie Somers.
[SPEAKER_00]: Not every gamer has all their voice.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, right.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm very Kathleen Turner today after hosting Rocky Horror last night.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's screaming at the top of my lungs.
[SPEAKER_00]: Unfortunately, I believe you picked up some sort of thing in Vegas.
[SPEAKER_05]: I didn't.
[SPEAKER_05]: I didn't catch anything.
[SPEAKER_05]: I just have a sinus infection since they're not contagious.
[SPEAKER_05]: I get a sinus infection a couple of times a year and I was due.
[SPEAKER_05]: Just the being around things I'm allergic to and all kinds of stuff just happened.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, we have a lot to talk about with the convention.
[SPEAKER_00]: But before we do that, let me make sure I introduce Techmaster Loki as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: Hey, Loki.
[SPEAKER_04]: Hey, how's it going?
[SPEAKER_00]: It is going well.
[SPEAKER_00]: Ooh, a classic playing behind you tonight, I see, because, of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at The Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwell show, if you want to see us.
[SPEAKER_00]: But, you know, we're still a podcast.
[SPEAKER_00]: We focus on the audio.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I can't help but notice when Loki has an awesome game that I recognize playing behind him.
[SPEAKER_00]: And tonight is Symphony of the Night, one of the all time greats.
[SPEAKER_00]: Is this is this a Halloween themed selection?
[SPEAKER_00]: Of course.
[SPEAKER_04]: Of course, it's a Halloween theme.
[SPEAKER_00]: I wasn't sure if, you know, if it was for the for the holidays or what have you.
[SPEAKER_05]: Your words are as empty as a soul.
[SPEAKER_05]: Mankind ill needs a savior such as you.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh man, the PlayStation 1 had such great voice acting.
[SPEAKER_00]: Truly an era.
[SPEAKER_00]: Between this game, Resident Evil.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, there's there's a lot of games we could talk about.
[SPEAKER_05]: Don't open that door.
[SPEAKER_00]: You don't want to end up in a jail sandwich.
[SPEAKER_05]: I hope this is not Chris's blood.
[SPEAKER_00]: Uh, Loki, I feel like out of any of us, if anyone ran to see the Five Nights at Freddy's movie this weekend, it was you, because the kid, did you go to see this Five Nights at Freddy's movie?
[SPEAKER_00]: Which apparently is doing very well.
[SPEAKER_04]: I did not go to see it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I watched it at home because it is on streaming.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, yes, I knew it was on Peacock as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, so how was it?
[SPEAKER_00]: Because I don't follow the games as closely as I think I do.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't either.
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay, that's fine.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like I know who some of the characters are.
[SPEAKER_04]: I liked it.
[SPEAKER_04]: It is not a scary movie.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it is certainly geared towards a younger audience, which is what they, you know, it's PG-13, right?
[SPEAKER_04]: There is violence, but it's like not like a lot of it's off screen.
[SPEAKER_04]: A lot of it is like very like kind of, oh, it's in the dark over there.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's like not a lot of gore and stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm hoping that there's a director's cut that comes out at some point, you know, for it, because I think that would be good.
[SPEAKER_00]: I thought it was okay.
[SPEAKER_00]: Megan was PG-13 as well.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, but Megan was like, all of it was like CG blood that they added in there, and I guess that's fine.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was a little weird in parts, I guess, like it kind of goes like...
[SPEAKER_00]: it almost is like fun time like it like it it kind of like oh hey we forgot we're a horror movie for a while you know and that type of thing um it definitely looks like it's like a fan delivery thing because it's really funny you look at the you know Rotten Tomatoes Metacritic whatever and it's like the critics they don't like it at all but the fans they seem to care they seem to like it a lot more which i mean to be fair it's a horror movie like what critics like horror movies and stuff like that and that's fine like
[SPEAKER_00]: Did you know that the 10th Saw movie, the 10th Saw movie, which is a franchise I don't care for because of the gore, although it's fascinating to me that, you know, what movie franchises have had 10 movies in them?
[SPEAKER_00]: Not a lot.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's some, but most of them are horror, but not a lot.
[SPEAKER_00]: The 10th one is apparently getting the best reviews out of the whole series, which is wild to me.
[SPEAKER_05]: I watched everything except the gory parts.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it was it was pretty good.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, plus, I mean, they brought back Amanda.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I know.
[SPEAKER_00]: I know.
[SPEAKER_05]: But it's just it's that was like a big point for a lot of people, though.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I just I'm just surprised that 10 movies in the series is finding its critical peak, or maybe it's just a part of our culture now that critics have just resigned themselves to accepting Saw.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, it went though through another thing too with the art direction in it.
[SPEAKER_05]: They tried to recreate the same feel for the first movie and pretty much got it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: So they were even like matching color palettes.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, I like the movie.
[SPEAKER_04]: I hope there's a sequel to it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, I just like the characters.
[SPEAKER_04]: The animatronics were fantastic.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like I heard it made more money than like any other movie in October or this week in October.
[SPEAKER_00]: So sequel sequels pretty much.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's with the movie being on Peacock as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I would say a sequel is pretty much guaranteed.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like it doesn't take a psychic to figure out that they're going to do a sequel to this based on this weekend alone.
[SPEAKER_04]: I hope so.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's definitely worth a watch.
[SPEAKER_04]: But like if you're going in expecting a scary movie, it's not it really is not like they really ironically, like, you know, everybody always complains about horror movies having like jump scares.
[SPEAKER_04]: And that's like a cheap scare type of thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, honestly, they probably should have leaned into that considering the property.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm surprised it didn't have a lot of jump scares when it's kind of it had it had some with if you play the game Balloon Boy,
[SPEAKER_04]: Which, I thought that was funny because I guess, and this had to be explained to me by my son because once again, I don't play FNAF, so... But, Bloomboy's from the second game, and he jumpscares you, but he doesn't, like, hurt you.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just like, it's just a cheap jumpscare.
[SPEAKER_04]: And that's what they used him, like, several times in the movie to do that, and I thought that was funny.
[SPEAKER_04]: So that was cool.
[SPEAKER_04]: I love Matthew Lillard.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, he was great.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think all the actors were really good in the movie.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think it's pretty solid.
[SPEAKER_04]: I know some people complained about the storyline and how there's some changes, but I'm like, yeah, but Scott Cawthorn's the one that's writing the story, so it's like...
[SPEAKER_04]: It's kind of okay because that's, you know, he's doing this.
[SPEAKER_04]: And also, I mean, you know, the games are separate from the cinematic universe.
[SPEAKER_04]: So like sometimes people make changes based off that.
[SPEAKER_04]: But I think overall it was really good.
[SPEAKER_04]: Sad that Markiplier didn't get to be in there because apparently he was supposed to be in the movie as a
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, it's in the very first scene, but like as the previous security guard and stuff, which would have been really cool.
[SPEAKER_04]: But there are other like YouTubers and stuff in there that have cameos that are pretty funny.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's cute.
[SPEAKER_00]: We get to some comments from chat over twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_00]: By the way, your camera froze, Loki.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know if it's a big deal, but let's see.
[SPEAKER_00]: Dr. Tia says, not into horror movies, but we did finally finish Castlevania Nocturne.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, I used to say that about horror is that I'm not really into horror.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then, you know,
[SPEAKER_00]: Ironically, being involved with the Cult and Horror Movie Festival here locally, kind of opened my eyes that horror is a very nuanced genre, like comedy.
[SPEAKER_00]: It really is.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's different types of comedy, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: There's Adam Sandler comedy movies, which I don't care for.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's silly comedy, which I can kind of, like, it depends on what it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: And there's, like, dark comedy.
[SPEAKER_00]: I hate embarrassing stupid comedy.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, but then there's, like, dark humor and dark comedy.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like, wow, that's really fucked up.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's what I like.
[SPEAKER_00]: is those types of movies.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hey, Rob, I know a movie you would like if you haven't seen it.
[SPEAKER_05]: What's that?
[SPEAKER_05]: The Others.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nicole Kidman.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I saw that in the theater.
[SPEAKER_00]: Actually, I love that movie.
[SPEAKER_00]: That was good.
[SPEAKER_00]: But that's a good.
[SPEAKER_00]: I believe.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, so going into this comment here, because Tigerclaw said, they can they can make horror movies for the families, though.
[SPEAKER_00]: It doesn't have to be about blood and gore.
[SPEAKER_00]: No, and that's true.
[SPEAKER_00]: Actually, PG-13 horror movies tend to be my favorite.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think the others was in that category.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't remember it being particularly violent or anything like that.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's not to say I hate R-rated movies, because like, you know, there's campy ones I like, like,
[SPEAKER_00]: Sleepaway Camp is a classic, and the Scream movies.
[SPEAKER_00]: I appreciate the Scream movies for what they are.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: They don't bother me, and they're actually pretty enjoyable.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I actually see PG-13 horror as a challenge, because you can't rely on the shock value of kills necessarily to really scare people.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's why I kind of dug The Ring, like when it first came out.
[SPEAKER_00]: And keep in mind, you know, I knew it was kind of based on a Japanese story.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was not diffed in that universe when I saw that movie.
[SPEAKER_00]: I enjoyed it for what it was at the time.
[SPEAKER_00]: And there's a lot of I think, like, or The Sixth Sense, you know, like, those were great PG-13 horror movies.
[SPEAKER_00]: And those those are the types of things I really dig.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think it's, it's, um,
[SPEAKER_00]: a really great thing when you can scare people without having to resort to the gore stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's a time and a place for that, which is fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: But yeah, like I like you are obsessed with Cube, that whole and I thought the first movie was really good.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm not really obsessed with it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, you talk about a lot, but it's well, I was only talking about it because Brad brought it up.
[SPEAKER_00]: But and it's disgusting gore wise, but it's it's really good.
[SPEAKER_05]: So there's only little scenes.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, now the third movie doesn't exist in my my mental universe.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I like, even if it's a bad movie, I like, you know, like bad in general.
[SPEAKER_05]: I like a good concept and I can get behind seeing how a concept is executed, even if it isn't necessarily the best acted thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like one of my favorite movies, and for the life of me, I saw it when I was a kid and I only remembered scenes from it.
[SPEAKER_05]: And then I managed to Google all the pieces together and found it was called The House Where Evil Dwells.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it's actually work between Toei, the movie side of Toei, and an American company to bring Japanese horror to the U.S.
[SPEAKER_05]: in the early 80s.
[SPEAKER_05]: And that movie, going back and it kind of scared the crap out of me as a kid with the, you know, the evil possessed crab sounding like demons.
[SPEAKER_05]: But as an adult, I can go back and appreciate it a lot more for what it tried to do.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it actually isn't badly acted either.
[SPEAKER_05]: I just think it was badly marketed and it was a concept that American audiences weren't necessarily ready for.
[SPEAKER_05]: But it was really
[SPEAKER_05]: I like a movie that has a psychological twist to it and I love a good ghost story.
[SPEAKER_00]: Looking at some other comments and chat at twitch.tv slash VOG Network, D'Artesias says, Does Megan count?
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know if you'd consider it good, but it had some horror elements near the end there.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, absolutely.
[SPEAKER_00]: Megan counts.
[SPEAKER_00]: But it goes back to that spectrum of horror movies.
[SPEAKER_00]: Megan very much resides in that sub genre of horror we call camp.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a campy, and you know what else would it be in that category?
[SPEAKER_00]: Elvira, Mistress of the Dark, which is like the queen of camp.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, like these are movies that are, they're, they're scary, like a Disneyland, like Disneyland Haunted Mansion is scary, or Vincent Price in Thriller is scary.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, like, it's, it's a very campy genre that is bright.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's probably my favorite subgenre for sure.
[SPEAKER_05]: Add something about Megan, by the way.
[SPEAKER_05]: One of my favorite YouTube channels called Cinematherapy analyzed the movie and showed how it actually was a really good portrayal of the process of grief.
[SPEAKER_05]: I love Cinematherapy.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like they also do like Anatomy of a Hero and all kinds of different things and why the Addams Family's relationship goals.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, Adam's Family is another great camp example, especially Adam's Family Values, which is one of those rare cases where I like, I really think time has shown the sequel superior to the original.
[SPEAKER_05]: Joan Cusack is a goddess in that movie.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, Joan Cusack just like, just owns that movie, which is quite the task.
[SPEAKER_05]: I got Malibu Barbie.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's not who I am.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was a ballerina.
[SPEAKER_05]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_00]: All of that I can forgive.
[SPEAKER_00]: They had to go.
[SPEAKER_00]: All of this I can forgive.
[SPEAKER_00]: But Debbie, Pastels.
[SPEAKER_00]: That movie's so fucking good.
[SPEAKER_00]: I know what I want to watch this Halloween now.
[SPEAKER_00]: See, that's horror to me.
[SPEAKER_00]: I fucking love camp.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I consider the Disneyland Haunted Mansion is camp in a big way.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nightmare Before Christmas, in a way, is camp.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's my genre right there.
[SPEAKER_05]: Did you ever see a movie called Saturday the 14th?
[SPEAKER_05]: No.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was a parody, of course, of Friday the 13th, and I saw it when I was a kid.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I just, the funny thing about that movie was watching how much my mom's eyes rolled at it.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know what else is super camp?
[SPEAKER_00]: Later Nightmare on Elm Street movies.
[SPEAKER_00]: is where Robert Englund really leaned into the camp nature of Freddy, like that, or like, you know, people getting killed with television sets falling on them and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_05]: That was the third one.
[SPEAKER_05]: It had the best line in there that was actually ad-libbed.
[SPEAKER_00]: After the second movie just went like bonkers, like the third movie and beyond was camp.
[SPEAKER_05]: But there were just some really good ad-libbed lines like, welcome to primetime, bitch.
[SPEAKER_05]: That was like the best ad-lib.
[SPEAKER_05]: Next to flames on the side of my face.
[SPEAKER_05]: I remember going to see Freddy's Dead in the theater and like, the fuck shit is this movie?
[SPEAKER_05]: But I loved it.
[SPEAKER_05]: especially the scene with Roseanne being crazy.
[SPEAKER_04]: That song was not in the movie either.
[SPEAKER_04]: It may have been in the credits.
[SPEAKER_04]: They had the Five Nights at Freddy's song about Five Nights at Freddy's that was in the credits.
[SPEAKER_04]: Actual like tune is not in the movie from what I remember.
[SPEAKER_05]: The thing is, I think it's actually like Public Domain.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's like the Toreador March.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's an old song.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's got to be Public Domain.
[SPEAKER_05]: I can't remember what the show was now.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, well, let's take a minute.
[SPEAKER_00]: I know we've talked a little bit about the movie.
[SPEAKER_00]: I didn't really have an actual kickoff topic scheduled for tonight because the news has been surprisingly not as active as it usually is.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I did want to take a minute to catch up on we weren't here last week because DarkSakura and myself went to TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, earlier in the week, Bobby Blackwolf and I, the day you were coming home, DarkSakura, Bobby Blackwolf and I sat down and we recorded some of our own thoughts on, you know, how it all went.
[SPEAKER_00]: We did one video on how it went and one video on the announcements they made at TwitchCon over at our YouTube channel at VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_00]: I've had a few more days to process and I want to hear some more voices on this.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura, you were also representing the network there at TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_00]: You've been to, this was your second, I believe, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: Last year at San Diego would have been your first.
[SPEAKER_00]: What were your thoughts on TwitchCon?
[SPEAKER_00]: How did you enjoy the experience this year, particularly compared to last?
[SPEAKER_05]: Last year was better.
[SPEAKER_05]: The venue was better.
[SPEAKER_05]: The costs were certainly better.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was overall a more pleasant experience.
[SPEAKER_05]: The weather was better.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I'm going to add in saying that I was
[SPEAKER_05]: I was alright with Las Vegas because I got to see Tiara and I got to see all my friends again, although I missed a few people.
[SPEAKER_05]: And we did Omega Mart, which Omega Mart's been on my bucket list.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, I did not- And I stayed for a solid hour and a half after you two left.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was gonna say, we did not- Artie!
[SPEAKER_00]: We, being me and Alan, did not give ourselves enough time to do Omega Mart, and that was a lesson learned on us, but it was also way more crowded than I expected, but I should have figured the day after TwitchCon and the music festival that was going on at the same time- There were a lot of people from when we were young.
[SPEAKER_00]: It was gonna be super crowded, and that is what it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'll just quickly say, I think
[SPEAKER_00]: I think Bobby put it best for me in a way he said on his show.
[SPEAKER_00]: He said, all of TwitchCon's problems did not have to do with TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_00]: They were very much the element of being in Las Vegas.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I would cosign, I would say my biggest problem with this year's TwitchCon was Las Vegas.
[SPEAKER_00]: And for the most part, Twitch itself, I think actually improved on a lot of stuff from last year on the elements they could control.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, sorry, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, I actually, I disagree with that too.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, first of all, the lines for the meet and greets are not very long.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't think most of the people there cared about meet and greets.
[SPEAKER_05]: They're just other human beings that you can watch online.
[SPEAKER_05]: End of story.
[SPEAKER_05]: I really hated that the glitch theater was in the main area and that the artist alley didn't have a separate place either.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was convenient to have that giant rather expensive food court in the center, but even so, that was more space you had to navigate around to get some of those other rooms that were upstairs.
[SPEAKER_05]: Um, and the, uh, the map was kind of confusing as well.
[SPEAKER_05]: They didn't really specify.
[SPEAKER_05]: I, it took me forever to find that it was the West entrance and my Lyft driver the first day dropped me off at the North and I had to walk all the way around in, I think it was like 96 degrees, but of course it's drier in Las Vegas.
[SPEAKER_05]: And on top of that, the badge pickup area had next to no shade in it.
[SPEAKER_05]: There was like one little place that you could get some water and stand in front of a swamp cooler.
[SPEAKER_05]: and a lot of us ended up like just trying to find little shady places and I did like having the food trucks there even though they were expensive so that was one thing I did like better especially the pierogi place because I ate pierogis and I felt my my Polish insides felt great but there were
[SPEAKER_05]: I know that they did a lot to try to protect themselves without so many of the physical challenges there.
[SPEAKER_05]: But honestly, some of those physical challenges were, you know, kind of fun distractions.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, they could have managed those better.
[SPEAKER_05]: They could have, you know, put a little bit more into, you know, like having a cushioned floor or something if they wanted to do something a little bit more physical.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I honestly thought that the sponsorship collaborations were weak this year.
[SPEAKER_05]: The Doritos Mart thing was stupid.
[SPEAKER_05]: Why Chevron?
[SPEAKER_05]: And I think the only reason that the stuff for Gen V was there was because Amazon owns Twitch.
[SPEAKER_05]: Now, I will say that there were some really good other booths there that I didn't see last year.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, there was a booth for Roland, and it was mostly focused on streaming, but they had some other really good audio interfaces there for, like, music creation.
[SPEAKER_05]: There were a few other really, really good AV companies there.
[SPEAKER_05]: And yeah, they were, again, mostly focusing on their streaming media, but I got to check out some other MIDI equipment.
[SPEAKER_05]: And the Mix It Up guys were there.
[SPEAKER_05]: They had signups for the alpha for the Mix It Up web tool.
[SPEAKER_05]: I networked with the Humane Society and the American Heart Association because my dad's downfall started with a heart attack.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, stroke killed my grandmother.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, so it was really good and really good follow up.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I networked with places that might even just turn into a job one day.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it depends on the attitude that you go in there with.
[SPEAKER_05]: And if you're looking for opportunities that are outside of like the, how are you going to benefit me as a streamer and how am I going to benefit you as a streamer, and actually take a step aside, because I may have some ins on doing some Mac testing for software down the line.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, it was really good to talk shop with some people, especially on the development side of their tools.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I got to meet some people who, because you know, I'm just starting my data visualization education.
[SPEAKER_05]: I got to talk to people who have really good experience in the world of data viz.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I got to learn a lot from people.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, I went to a couple of the panels, but I think that apart from like the monetization, path to partner things, you know, those are the staples.
[SPEAKER_05]: But I think that some of their panels need to think a little bit more outside the box too.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, and that's the kind of feedback that I would leave, although I'm happy that the Twitch RPG had a bigger presence there, and we're really taking into account what people thought of the con itself and the sponsorship.
[SPEAKER_05]: I won a Blurp plushie
[SPEAKER_05]: I love Blurp.
[SPEAKER_05]: They're actually who I use for a lot of my sound redeems in my channel.
[SPEAKER_05]: I got to look at a few manufacturing things.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I kind of went into the con with my business brain on.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, and it wasn't just, I want a sponsor, I want this, I want that.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was, I want to form a longer term partnership with some of these parties here who are also forming longer term partnerships with their broadcasters.
[SPEAKER_05]: And that was the point of view that I went into meeting all of these dealers with.
[SPEAKER_05]: And then, of course, I vastly enjoyed the Artist Alley.
[SPEAKER_05]: I got to network with some other artists.
[SPEAKER_05]: I may have some commissions that I might be looking for down the line.
[SPEAKER_05]: Lots of great talent.
[SPEAKER_05]: And so there were a lot of positives, but it was a lesson that I learned from last year that to take that
[SPEAKER_05]: Now that I've been through a TwitchCon once, my second go-through prepared me more for doing the kind of network I wanted to do.
[SPEAKER_05]: I also learned probably not the best idea to use business cards anymore.
[SPEAKER_05]: Everything is going to be scan that QR and save it.
[SPEAKER_05]: There was another partner there that gave me a link to a different site where it's like an online business card in general.
[SPEAKER_05]: Kind of Linktree-ish, but a little bit more interactive.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'll have to find the name of it to go.
[SPEAKER_05]: But yeah, that was... I think that I went into it with... God, I'm going to sound old saying this, but I went into it with, I think, a more mature outlook to make the convention work for me.
[SPEAKER_05]: because in the end, that's what conventions like that are for.
[SPEAKER_05]: They are for helping you build your channel, helping sponsors find people to help promote their material too, working with the community, and I was super happy that they were giving more attention to artist communities too, and people who weren't just playing games.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: I enjoy TwitchCon for, you know, certainly it's, it's the chance for the community to get together.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I think in a way, Alan is almost more into it than I am.
[SPEAKER_00]: And at least with his like level of participation he does in the different communities and stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: So it was really nice being able to meet and mingle with some of the people that, you know, he spends a lot of time with online.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I, I lurk in channels and do that stuff too.
[SPEAKER_00]: Although I find by not chatting more, people don't seem to know me as well, which is fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: It is what it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: Twitch Twitch
[SPEAKER_00]: uh show at a local bar and so we ended up going to that as well and we didn't we missed the first part but we saw the second that's where we dropped you off right yes exactly right that's where you dropped us off because we missed the first part because of dinner which is fine because i wanted to see tiara i've been forever since i've seen him so um this this we saw the second half though and got to see the performers there and honestly like i i don't want to say it was better than the drag show but it was awesome because
[SPEAKER_00]: you got to actually see like club acts like in the club if you know what I mean and uh yeah like Bitchpuddin performed and did this number that was so infectious and so funny London Bradshaw just like brought the house down with some moves I think there was a lot of kills it yeah there was just a lot of but it was really nice to see the drag performances like in a club where I think many of these folks are kind of used to performing so um that was a lot of fun I think some of the
[SPEAKER_05]: Some of the stage performances really would have been suited better for that sort of environment.
[SPEAKER_00]: Strong agree.
[SPEAKER_00]: But the reason why I bring that up, that particular event, that was born of the community and for all intents and purposes has nothing to do with Twitch in regards to the convention.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, obviously, this is a community of people who met on Twitch and grew on Twitch, but Twitch themselves did not put on this event.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I think it goes to show that when you have the ability to have these kind of satellite events,
[SPEAKER_00]: and
[SPEAKER_00]: Vegas might be a great thing for work-based conventions and professional and industry conventions and that sort of thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think it failed us for Twitch.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I'm really happy to hear the news came out this week that representative for Twitch has already gone on record saying TwitchCon 2024 is not in Las Vegas.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_00]: BlizzCon is coming up this weekend.
[SPEAKER_00]: BlizzCon is another great example of a convention where people want to be able to have their meetups outside the convention too, like guilds and stuff for World of Warcraft.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's huge at BlizzCon.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think Anaheim's a great candidate too.
[SPEAKER_00]: Selfishly, I'd love to see Seattle.
[SPEAKER_00]: I haven't done Seattle for a convention since PAX.
[SPEAKER_00]: I had a great time at PAX.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think Seattle's set up very well for that sort of thing as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like if Twitch were to go to a new city,
[SPEAKER_00]: TwitchCon Reno
[SPEAKER_00]: Snow can start happening this early in the year, which I know no big deal.
[SPEAKER_00]: But like, if it's I know that wasn't a serious comment anyway.
[SPEAKER_00]: But if it starts to snow on the overpass, like all the people that would be planning to come in from the Bay Area would have to add like six hours to their trip, put chains on their car and all this crap.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like it's just the twitch going audience would not be prepared.
[SPEAKER_00]: So yeah, Reno Reno is a terrible choice for that reason.
[SPEAKER_00]: If it was a summer convention, maybe, but yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: Reno's trying to change their image a lot.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're not trying to be Vegas Light anymore, but that's a topic for another show.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think also one big thing I would like to see Twitch lean into a little more, you brought up the sponsorships that do make sense and don't make sense, and I agree.
[SPEAKER_00]: It was cool to see things like Roland, Elgato, the charity things, that all made sense.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was really surprised at how few games were on display.
[SPEAKER_00]: has really been a kingmaker in some ways for some big indie games, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: Five Nights at Freddy's is a great example.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, granted, YouTube as well, but let's say the streaming, the video, the content creation space made a game like Five Nights at Freddy's, and now look at what it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: Minecraft
[SPEAKER_00]: Smaller mid companies and indie companies that are really trying to connect with streamers because they have the next big thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like an artist alley for game makers.
[SPEAKER_00]: I would love that.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I think there's a lot of indie folks that would love that too, to be quite honest.
[SPEAKER_00]: So that would be my wish for a future TwitchCon, but we'll see what happens.
[SPEAKER_00]: Dark to see you in chat says I've seen a lot of retro game devs reach out to a couple streamers I follow in the retro community for sponsored streams.
[SPEAKER_00]: So 100% agree with what Rob's saying.
[SPEAKER_00]: Absolutely get those game makers in front of because here's the thing, Twitch does a great well, the partners might argue they could do a better job massaging the partner relationships, but they have
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura, VOG Network, Ranma, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_00]: But, um, yeah, I, uh, I, I'm just, I feel like the affiliates that are in the middle that have small but loyal communities, like look at all of you that show up here Sunday night for Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_00]: We appreciate you.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank you so much for being here.
[SPEAKER_00]: But like it's communities.
[SPEAKER_05]: We got keyboard cats.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: But like at TwitchCon, there really isn't anybody trying to reach out to y'all.
[SPEAKER_00]: They want to get to the big folks, the partners, or community.
[SPEAKER_00]: But affiliates, I feel like, don't have as much.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I think that would be a great connection.
[SPEAKER_00]: An indie game arcade would be a great place because those indie makers are not going to say no to affiliates.
[SPEAKER_00]: And to be fair, most of the companies that were there were still really good about talking to affiliates.
[SPEAKER_00]: They knew.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I just want to be very clear.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I think there's some companies that pass on TwitchCon, probably, that it's a bummer.
[SPEAKER_00]: By the way, another great reason why I think it should go to Seattle.
[SPEAKER_00]: Just saying.
[SPEAKER_00]: At least try a year.
[SPEAKER_00]: If I'm wrong, I'm wrong.
[SPEAKER_00]: But it couldn't possibly be worse than Vegas.
[SPEAKER_00]: Famous last words.
[SPEAKER_06]: Uh, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let me ask this question before we get into other news for the week.
[SPEAKER_00]: Uh, did you have any opinions or thoughts on some of the news that came out of TwitchCon DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_00]: The big one everybody's talking about is the, um, uh, exclusive, yeah, exclusive agreement with, uh, that you can now, if we wanted to, hypothetically, we haven't really talked about it.
[SPEAKER_00]: If we wanted to, we could simulcast this show on YouTube now, at the same time we're doing it on Twitch.
[SPEAKER_00]: There is no more rule about that.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a matter of time.
[SPEAKER_05]: They've already figured it out with TikTok, so it just seemed inevitable.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm not surprised.
[SPEAKER_04]: I thought they had some sort of restrictions with, like, pulling chats together, though, or something like that.
[SPEAKER_00]: They have some speak that isn't very specific, I will say, but it is basically that you can't degrade the Twitch experience.
[SPEAKER_00]: And one thing that they call out is the combining of chat rooms, basically, because they don't want you basically, they don't want you to be talking to people that aren't there on Twitch, I think is what they're worried about.
[SPEAKER_00]: But what's interesting, we've already seen some partners kind of stare that in the face and
[SPEAKER_00]: Alright, um...
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's move on.
[SPEAKER_00]: I will, of course, plug the YouTube as well for all the other stories.
[SPEAKER_00]: From Bobby's perspective, he talks a lot about Games Done Quick Express, which was there at TwitchCon as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: So it's kind of neat to say I've been doing Games Done Quick.
[SPEAKER_00]: of sorts, because it really was a very, from what Bobby was telling me, it's a very similar experience.
[SPEAKER_00]: What you saw in that room at TwitchCon is what you would see in the ballroom at a regular GDQ as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, maybe more people behind the scenes and stuff like that, but for the most part, you got a pretty good sense of what it's like to be at a GDQ by going to that Express at TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_00]: It was fun.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, it was a good show.
[SPEAKER_00]: Bobby did some great work with them, but I'll let him speak to that on his platforms.
[SPEAKER_00]: But it was a lot of fun to get to see that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Alright, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_00]: We're going to get into the rest of the news for the week.
[SPEAKER_00]: But first, I want to talk about our gaming weeks.
[SPEAKER_00]: So how was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's go over to DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_00]: How was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, geez, I played a bunch of pinball.
[SPEAKER_05]: I played Dead by Daylight, I played... I didn't start my retro game because I changed the one I was going to play.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was going to play Rayearth, and then instead did Treasure of the Rudra, which I will be starting either next Saturday if I don't go to a party, or the Saturday afterwards.
[SPEAKER_05]: But it was the last RPG that Square released for the Super Famicom.
[SPEAKER_05]: that never came out in the US.
[SPEAKER_05]: I played other stuff.
[SPEAKER_05]: What did I play?
[SPEAKER_05]: I was watching a bunch of people play Devour earlier.
[SPEAKER_05]: We have a couple of mutual friends who are raising money for Streamers for a Cause.
[SPEAKER_05]: I played other stuff, but I'll tell you what, my brain is broken.
[SPEAKER_05]: So... I couldn't remember what I did five minutes ago.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh yeah, I was talking about TwitchCon five minutes ago.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_05]: Um... Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh no, I did play some... I played some Gradius, actually.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, that's cool.
[SPEAKER_05]: I know I played other retro things.
[SPEAKER_05]: But yeah, my brain is... I don't remember.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't remember.
[SPEAKER_00]: Alright, well then let's check in with LokiOLR.
[SPEAKER_00]: How was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_04]: It's all Minecraft, of course, but there was a few different things.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, one, I finished my second episode of
[SPEAKER_04]: Second?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, second episode of Channel 64 Season 3.
[SPEAKER_04]: So that was, it was difficult to get it to what I wanted it to be, but I got the special effects working and it looks amazing now.
[SPEAKER_04]: Basically, I had my starter base walk around the server, like,
[SPEAKER_04]: I've been splitting my time between that and working on the next episode for Channel 64.
[SPEAKER_04]: So RazeWorks is a big technical YouTuber, Minecraft streamer as well.
[SPEAKER_04]: Got like a half a million followers on or subscribers on YouTube and stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so he's doing a thing for his sub server right now that's running my Deep Dark World data pack, plus a modified Deep Dark World data pack that I modified for him.
[SPEAKER_04]: He wanted it
[SPEAKER_04]: to have more Skulk stuff around.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I've actually been playing that with them this week for some of the time.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I've started that.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was actually just about to start editing an episode out for that.
[SPEAKER_04]: So that'll be fun.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's a slow grind, that one, because the amount of
[SPEAKER_04]: Wardens that are out there that you can't, well, I can kill them now because I've killed 10 of them, but they will kill you very fast if you're not careful.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so it's been fun to watch everybody try to like go through that challenge again that I've done.
[SPEAKER_04]: So yeah, it's been fun.
[SPEAKER_04]: I've been doing that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Definitely be getting back into episode three of Child64 this week and working on the storage room because that is integral to all the projects, staying organized and having all your resources and everything all in one place.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I'm very much looking forward to that.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I have it designed already and it looks great.
[SPEAKER_04]: Can't wait.
[SPEAKER_04]: But go check out my second episode if you haven't done it yet.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's really cool, especially the part where my base walks around and talks.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, I basically built the Iron Giant, but out of wood, and he's made out of shipwrecks.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'll have to check that out because that came out probably while I was gone.
[SPEAKER_00]: So yeah, kudos on that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sounds good.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's see, my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_00]: Honestly, because I was gone for quite a bit, not just TwitchCon, but Alan and I did a Disney trip before that, which was fun.
[SPEAKER_00]: So got to do the usual rides and all that.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I would say, as far as gaming goes, honestly, the vast majority of my time since I got back, Diablo 4 Season 2.
[SPEAKER_00]: because that started the day I left and so I had to get a week late head start on it which is which not a head start but you know week late start on it but um which is fine because there's no leaderboards there's no reason to rush it you just you know you want to get everything done by the time the season is over in mid-january or whenever it's supposed to end but um I'm having a good time I'm already up to level 47 so just a few more levels I'm playing a barrage rogue um so that's a lot of fun to just keep shooting arrows and knives arrows and knives arrows and knives arrows and knives
[SPEAKER_00]: And yeah, having fun with that.
[SPEAKER_00]: I did a quick stream of that earlier in the week, and I probably will stream it again, but there's a lot of other stuff I need to catch up on.
[SPEAKER_00]: Super Mario Wonder also came out while I was gone.
[SPEAKER_00]: That came out while I was at TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_00]: Been hearing a lot of great things about that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Did you hear any of the voices?
[SPEAKER_00]: Just what was in the preview.
[SPEAKER_05]: I heard Luigi's voice during gameplay.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I mean, the new voice actor is very authentic to Charles Martinet.
[SPEAKER_00]: Is he?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_00]: So it's it's been a it's been a wild year for games.
[SPEAKER_00]: Another whopper of a release came out this week that nobody's brought up yet.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's being extremely well received.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's Alan Wake 2, which really puts it in my mind like, dang it, I need to go back.
[SPEAKER_00]: I like got all the way to the last chapter of Alan Wake 1 and never finished it.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I need to like go back and play it to remind myself of the story.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then Control
[SPEAKER_00]: Everybody who's played that game raves about it, and I still never played that.
[SPEAKER_00]: So at some point, I just need to like take a week or two and catch up on Remedy Games and play.
[SPEAKER_00]: Alan Wake 2 apparently is really good and seems like the kind of game I'd be into.
[SPEAKER_00]: As a lot of streamers I see playing it, it's great for the Halloween season as a game to play.
[SPEAKER_00]: And yeah, I'm really looking forward to getting my hands on that for sure.
[SPEAKER_00]: So and it's just it's just another game to add to this year of
[SPEAKER_00]: This may be the most interesting Game Awards season we've ever had, because I don't even know what 5 games make the shortlist at this point.
[SPEAKER_00]: Diablo 4
[SPEAKER_00]: So many great games this year.
[SPEAKER_00]: It is going to be impossible to narrow it down to one.
[SPEAKER_00]: I kind of feel like Baldur's Gate 3 has a bit of an edge, just, I don't know, it's what my gut tells me, but I could see it going a lot of different directions.
[SPEAKER_00]: got we still we still have Zelda and now at this at this point I'm like does does the newest Zelda game even get nominated?
[SPEAKER_00]: I think it does.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I could see a situation where it doesn't.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that would be wild to me.
[SPEAKER_00]: So it's but that's that's the year in games we're having.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's wacky wacky wild.
[SPEAKER_00]: Quest Buster in chat points out a new Yakuza game next month too.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh my god.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a year.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a year for releases.
[SPEAKER_00]: But what a great time to be a gamer, that's for sure.
[SPEAKER_00]: So let's get into some gaming news and talk about what else is going on in the industry.
[SPEAKER_00]: And Loki, quite the bombshell following up our big story from last time we were live two weeks ago was the official marriage of Activision Blizzard and Microsoft happened.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now we're starting to see the first changes, right, Loki?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes, and ironically, not necessarily with Activision, as you might think, but ZeniMax is going to continue, I guess, apparently to operate in limited integration entity led by Jamie Leder, president and CEO.
[SPEAKER_04]: And apparently that they're basically shifting around some of the executives in the company.
[SPEAKER_04]: So thankfully, Bobby Kotick will be out at the end of this year.
[SPEAKER_00]: That was nice to have that reinforced.
[SPEAKER_00]: That was so lovely to now we can put up our countdown clocks that there's only so many days left.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's see days until Jan 1.
[SPEAKER_00]: 64 days.
[SPEAKER_00]: 64 days until we get to get to cut the most toxic thing out of this industry.
[SPEAKER_04]: So basically, what's going to happen is the reorganization of the Xbox division.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're going to have Matt Booty, who is going to be overseeing ZeniMax and Bethesda Game Studios.
[SPEAKER_04]: He's going to be more directly the head of the game services.
[SPEAKER_04]: And along with that, also, I guess,
[SPEAKER_04]: Sarah Bond, the former VP is now going to be the president of Xbox in charge of everything related to the platform.
[SPEAKER_04]: So basically, like the consoles and that type of thing, and the services and all that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Am I correct that now this would be the first time now granted, Phil Spencer is still the head of Microsoft gaming, the large, you know, but
[SPEAKER_00]: If Sarah Bond is over Xbox, the platform, and I am I correct or am I missing something that that would make her the first woman to be the CEO of a major console?
[SPEAKER_00]: Maybe, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: I believe it does.
[SPEAKER_00]: So that's pretty incredible.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, no idea.
[SPEAKER_04]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, so Jamie Leder, president CEO is going to be
[SPEAKER_04]: ZeniMax, MattBooty
[SPEAKER_04]: Things like Redfall, you know, keeping a closer eye on how the studios are going.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because according, you know, previously they said, you know, I feel accountable that we could have done better with Arcane.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so we'll see if that actually ends up being the case, you know.
[SPEAKER_04]: Actions speak louder than words, of course.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, you know.
[SPEAKER_04]: Let's see what happens there.
[SPEAKER_00]: Along with that, real quick, I just because QuestBuster is giving some great supplemental info that just kind of, you know, if you want to read the tea leaves and look at these folks resume and why there are some reasons to be excited.
[SPEAKER_00]: QuestBuster points out Matt Booty was at a gaming company for most of his career.
[SPEAKER_00]: He was the CEO of Midway before he went over to Microsoft.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes, Midway was a lot of good stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sarah Bond has a great career as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: She was part of the team that turned T-Mobile around.
[SPEAKER_00]: a pretty strong yeah
[SPEAKER_04]: Phil Spencer said that we believe in expanding gaming content organization, one that enables Xbox Game Studios and ZeniMax Development Studios to collaborate effectively together.
[SPEAKER_04]: We'll empower those world-class studios to do their best work in growing our portfolio of games that players love.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sometimes these reorg things are very nerve-wracking announcements, but I like where this is going.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think we knew that wasn't going to happen.
[SPEAKER_04]: But if there's a if there's a phrase that we learned in 2023, it's bet on Bobby.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, Bobby Blackwolf.
[SPEAKER_00]: But that's that's where I draw that line.
[SPEAKER_00]: I would say with
[SPEAKER_00]: The Gaming Public at Large did not care for that game.
[SPEAKER_00]: Starfield is not a bomb, but I think for as long as that game was in development, again, unfortunately, because that game got delayed to 2023 and Starfield is releasing this year,
[SPEAKER_00]: It's going to get lost.
[SPEAKER_00]: Starfield will not be nominated for game of the year.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's, there's too much other better stuff that came out.
[SPEAKER_00]: But, but my point is what I'm trying to say is that because of these, you know, if you want to call it missteps or whatever from Bethesda on a couple of fronts, I'm glad we're not hearing that all these frontline workers are getting laid off.
[SPEAKER_00]: And instead it's we're rearranging the executives to put a little more oversight over here.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it's, it's, they're trying to shit now.
[SPEAKER_00]: Granted, if this gets followed up with a story next week that, well, we only brought in the executive to, you know, start the chopping block, then I'll be pissed.
[SPEAKER_00]: But if this is where that kind of goes, and it's like, okay, let's try this as opposed to laying a bunch of people off, then I'm happy to hear this, that this is their solution to try to fix a couple of missteps at Bethesda.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I would say, um, you know, to your point about, like, um, well, Redfall and Starfield, yeah, I think for sure, like, especially with Redfall, at the very least, I would say more so the disappointment was greater in Redfall than it was Starfield, because Redfall, like, Arkane Studios, their games have been, like, fantastic, extremely polished, like, you know, the Dishonored series, just fantastic, um,
[SPEAKER_04]: Starfield I'm still surprised the amount of jankiness in there like I thought the whole point like with these new games is like let's get away from this engine that we've been using for all of these like Elder Scrolls games and like rebuild the whole thing because it's still got some bugs in there and so it's like now we're gonna use it again we're gonna really push it to its limit and like yeah we'll rebuild part of it but like there's still like issues that have been here for
[SPEAKER_04]: How many games now?
[SPEAKER_04]: So many.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, just build a whole new engine, please.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, it's not working.
[SPEAKER_04]: You need to start over.
[SPEAKER_04]: Or, like, start over or use, like, Unreal or something, you know?
[SPEAKER_04]: Because its jankiness has been around for a long time.
[SPEAKER_04]: And, yeah, certainly Todd Howard, like Todd Howard likes to do, is overselling the scope of the game.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, yeah, it kind of is oversold.
[SPEAKER_00]: So there's some comments in chat I really want to piggyback on.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mike Deft says, Starfield was standard for Bethesda standards.
[SPEAKER_00]: It was fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: But the answer says, yeah, that's my impression to Starfield is a very Bethesda game.
[SPEAKER_00]: And if you like that formula, there you go.
[SPEAKER_00]: My the way I'm piggybacking on those comments and saying
[SPEAKER_00]: A fine game is getting lost in 2023, because we've had spectacular after spectacular game, 10 out of 10 games coming out every other month this entire year.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it just this was this was not the year for Starfield to be a par release.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think any other year it would do fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: But, you know, there's also folks out there and plenty that feel like Matt do, SJ100 Matt saying, I'm still really enjoying Starfield over 100 plus hours into it.
[SPEAKER_00]: But the whole thing really is Skyrim in space.
[SPEAKER_04]: For sure, just because it could have been better doesn't mean it's not already good.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think it's good.
[SPEAKER_04]: Is it Game of the Year worthy?
[SPEAKER_04]: Maybe some people think that, and that's fine.
[SPEAKER_04]: Honestly, Skyrim has its issues, tons of issues, but that's a game I could easily go back and play another hundred hours in and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so if this is Skyrim in space, I mean...
[SPEAKER_04]: Fallout, you know, like Fallout 4, Skyrim and probably even Oblivion and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like those are games I can go back to and just sink hundreds of hours into again and again and again.
[SPEAKER_04]: It never feels old to me, which is nice so that they have their own charm to them.
[SPEAKER_04]: But yeah, they're not like the most polished of things.
[SPEAKER_04]: I kind of like that as long as it's not breaking the game in the sense that I can't progress in quests and stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm fine with NPCs glitching out and stuff like that, but
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know, it's a charm, but it's also like, it's a charm because this is what I have to settle for because they won't make a better game, so, you know.
[SPEAKER_04]: Learn to appreciate it, I guess.
[SPEAKER_00]: Alright, well let's move on.
[SPEAKER_00]: We got some other news stories we want to get to tonight, including talking about some information with the new PlayStation 5 that is highly controversial.
[SPEAKER_00]: When I say the new PlayStation 5, I mean that Slim model we were talking about a couple weeks ago.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, some news has come out about that optional disc drive for the Slim model.
[SPEAKER_00]: You remember this?
[SPEAKER_00]: How you can get the Slim model and there's an optional disc drive that you can put on that, although you can buy a version that has the two together.
[SPEAKER_00]: But
[SPEAKER_00]: Apparently some small print on the back of the box for Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 PS5, the bundle, so they're selling like a slim bundle for this, it says that players who purchase the new model with the optional drive must, required, to connect to the internet when pairing it to a machine for the first time.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is being called a security measure to ensure that the drive is legitimate and not a third party, but this is leading to some preservation concerns.
[SPEAKER_00]: If the accessory requires an internet connection to be verified,
[SPEAKER_00]: What happens when those servers don't exist anymore?
[SPEAKER_04]: So that's kind of weird.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, it could be, and it should go without saying, Sony could release an update that removes the requirement.
[SPEAKER_00]: So, you know, that is always possible.
[SPEAKER_00]: Just like, someday, Steam may release a patch that removes all the DRM.
[SPEAKER_00]: If Steam were to ever go out of business, that is something that they've committed to.
[SPEAKER_00]: They will release a patch that removes the DRM.
[SPEAKER_00]: That will probably not be seen in my lifetime at this point, quite honestly.
[SPEAKER_00]: But they could always patch it out that way.
[SPEAKER_00]: But yeah, apparently this all comes from a way that Sony and Microsoft paired the disk drives with motherboards.
[SPEAKER_00]: An analysis that was done by Wired in 2020 shows that disk drives have daughterboards that pair with the motherboards.
[SPEAKER_00]: I've actually never heard that term, a daughterboard, before, but OK.
[SPEAKER_00]: It creates a handshake that is unique to that pairing.
[SPEAKER_00]: In this research that Wire did, they removed disk drives from PS console launches and swapped them, but the consoles would refuse to recognize the other drive, even though it is identical hardware.
[SPEAKER_00]: Why is this happening?
[SPEAKER_00]: Section 1201 of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, which says it is illegal to, quote, circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to copyrighted work.
[SPEAKER_00]: That would be firmware on the disk drive.
[SPEAKER_00]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_00]: So to prevent piracy, the pairing method is happening to make sure that the console will only work with the drive paired to it.
[SPEAKER_00]: So that way someday you can't come in with, oh, here's a third party drive that plays any game, ta-da.
[SPEAKER_00]: and do it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Uh, I, I, I, it'll be cracked.
[SPEAKER_00]: Daughter board.
[SPEAKER_00]: Daughter board, Loki.
[SPEAKER_00]: Motherboard.
[SPEAKER_04]: Daughter board doesn't mean jack if you like spoof the keys on it so that it thinks it's a legit drive.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's how you used to do it in the Xbox 360 days.
[SPEAKER_04]: Granted, it wasn't necessarily a daughter board that they verified.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, you can put all sorts of things in there, but, um,
[SPEAKER_04]: I just feel like if they're taking this measure then that means there's an exploit here.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I also can agree that hackers gonna hack and that whole thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: So I'm sure people are still trying to work to break this, but we'll, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, Dr. C says, I believe that the hackers are all challenge accepted, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: I mean, technically, Nintendo had their own security measures back in the NES days.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's, that's what the whole Atari making their own cartridges under the Tengen name and all that with that whole mess came up.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now here we are, what 30 plus years later, and
[SPEAKER_00]: Third-party Nintendo hardware is commonplace now because those, you know, patents and stuff run out, so you have all these other companies like Hyperkin and stuff that just make their own- they're basically making their own Nintendos.
[SPEAKER_00]: What is a Retron?
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a third-party Nintendo Entertainment System, plus other stuff, so.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_01]: DarkSakura, I don't know if you are muted on Discord.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, I think she actually went AFK.
[SPEAKER_00]: So let's go ahead and go to the next story.
[SPEAKER_00]: So Loki, why don't we go to you?
[SPEAKER_04]: All right, let's talk about Unity again.
[SPEAKER_04]: So this is kind of a big duh, like, um,
[SPEAKER_04]: rumor news or whatever but basically that and I know this is gonna come up to a surprise suit but apparently that runtime fee announcement was rushed out like the whole idea of that controversial runtime fee it wasn't well thought out and apparently that is at least what the rumor is regarding this according to some inside sources
[SPEAKER_04]: said that Unity itself, or apparently there was resistance to the runtime fee idea, but those concerns were ignored and certain people in the company made the decision to go ahead and basically push it forward anyways.
[SPEAKER_04]: Also saying that the policy was rushed out and driven by Unity and Ironsource's intense battle with Applovin over the mediation business.
[SPEAKER_04]: They even said, allegedly, that the, um, apparently, uh, John Riccatello, um, said, uh, fuck you, we're not paying.
[SPEAKER_04]: Uh, when it came, when it came, uh, to, I guess, uh, what they said, it's even been claimed one mobile game publisher told, oh, told them basically that, yeah, fuck you, we're not paying your, your fees.
[SPEAKER_04]: Um,
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, I believe it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, that's for sure.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, it seemed rushed out and stupid, and we knew that a lot of it did have some sort of... something to do with the whole Iron Source and Apploven thing, considering that they're like, hey, you know what?
[SPEAKER_04]: If you use our service, you won't have to pay those fees, you know, if you don't use their service.
[SPEAKER_04]: So that's very anti-competitive anyways.
[SPEAKER_04]: So yeah, it makes sense.
[SPEAKER_04]: But hey, it's backtracked now.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm sure they won't do anything stupid in the future.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm sure it's just gonna be all smooth sailing from here on out.
[SPEAKER_04]: it's just it's dumb like the whole thing was dumb and it's still dumb but whatever you know uh i think that there's it's certainly hurt them permanently i think um it is you know the trust that they
[SPEAKER_04]: that they have, you know, with their developer partners, it's certainly been broken for a lot of them.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I think for some, it's just like, it's a necessity to work with this engine right now, because that's where we have, our team has the experience.
[SPEAKER_04]: But certainly, I think that, you know, it has probably hurt them.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, absolutely.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because there's some developers out there that even in that, you know, week or however long that gap was between that initial announcement, and then, you know, them backtracking on it, you know, for the most part, I know they kind of came out with something different, but you know, addressing the concerns after the fact, basically.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_00]: making the not-so-rush decision in some way about, oh, we need to reevaluate what our long-term plan looks like here because of the action that Unity took.
[SPEAKER_00]: So this whole misstep is fascinating in a business sense, and I think this gets studied in business school in the future.
[SPEAKER_00]: SG100 Matt in our chatroom says, fuck you, I'm crashing this ship.
[SPEAKER_00]: The John Riccatello story.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, in some ways, that could be a great name for the biography.
[SPEAKER_00]: Bobby Blackwolf in chat says they won't do anything stupid in the near future, but next year all bets are off.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, Unity could also pray that Unreal makes a dumb ass decision next year or somebody else, you know, somebody else shits the bed next year and takes the heat off of them because
[SPEAKER_00]: The industry may forgive Unity once, but they certainly won't forgive them again if they make the same problem.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, they've done a lot of dumb things that not on this level, not on this level.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, not on this level for sure.
[SPEAKER_04]: But like, it's certainly been going that direction.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, they've been they've been like kind of.
[SPEAKER_04]: Testing the waters with shitting in the bed slightly, and then now they just fully shit the bed.
[SPEAKER_05]: Just a light shitting.
[SPEAKER_05]: It'll be warm for a minute.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're just hotboxing the bed, and then they're just like, oh wait.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nasty people.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, let's see.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, let me see.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was gonna see if there's any other comments in chat.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, DJRamaS was talking about something else.
[SPEAKER_00]: The Comerica Codemasters NES cart with a switch to get around that lockout chip.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, you know, people have ways of getting around it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now people are going to have their ways of getting around Unity as well, for sure.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura, we'll go to you for the next story.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, um, I feel extra old now because, uh, Super Mario Brothers 3 is 35 years old.
[SPEAKER_05]: Um, yeah, it came out in Japan on October 23rd, 1990, sorry, 1988 and North America, February 12th, 1990.
[SPEAKER_05]: And in Europe, August 29th, 1991.
[SPEAKER_05]: Um.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was a really good game.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, I think we all got our prep for it from The Wizard, remember?
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: I remember The Wizard.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: But but yeah, old.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yay.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's funny because I have, ironically, I have a Halloween memory because I want to say the year that that came out in the States, Halloween was on a Friday or Saturday, because I remember hanging out with one of my buddies when I was like nine years old.
[SPEAKER_00]: And we went around trick or treating and I remember going through the and I remember we ate so much candy.
[SPEAKER_00]: We stayed up all night with a sugar rush.
[SPEAKER_00]: We played Super Mario Brothers 3 all fucking night.
[SPEAKER_00]: All night.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's great.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, but that's you know, that's what you did when you're that young, you know, you let's let's stay up till four in the morning because we can and then we'll just sleep till noon.
[SPEAKER_00]: So
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, that's great.
[SPEAKER_00]: SSJ100 Matt in chat says Super Mario Brothers 3 was the first game I camped out for.
[SPEAKER_00]: My mom woke up early and we sat in the parking lot at Sears waiting for it to open.
[SPEAKER_00]: Aww.
[SPEAKER_00]: Did you hear about the new Sears that opened in Burbank apparently and how sad it is?
[SPEAKER_06]: No.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, apparently it had closed a couple years ago during the pandemic, but it's the first like new Sears, the first like opening of a Sears in a long time.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it's apparently it's not good.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm surprised that they're still around.
[SPEAKER_04]: I thought the whole company went out.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's like 22 stores left in the country.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's like, what, 1 Kmart?
[SPEAKER_00]: So there's not a lot left.
[SPEAKER_00]: Wild to think about.
[SPEAKER_00]: Also wild to think about is what Nintendo might be doing for the Switch 2, or the Switch's successor, or whatever you want to call it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And boy oh boy have the rumors picked up steam this week because a patent was filed by Nintendo for a dual screen console that can be split in half and become two separate handheld devices.
[SPEAKER_00]: So this is yeah, and now it's important to say, this is just a patent.
[SPEAKER_00]: That doesn't mean that it's we see patents filed by companies all the time to go nowhere.
[SPEAKER_00]: But it certainly has people going, Oh, does this mean Nintendo is going to go back to the 3DS?
[SPEAKER_00]: Apparently in the patent it shows a device that resembles a 3DS, but it can actually be split in half for wireless gaming between two players.
[SPEAKER_00]: It also features a touchscreen on the outside for interaction even when it's closed.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hmm.
[SPEAKER_00]: So this is very interesting that this may be the direction that the Nintendo Switch 2 is headed.
[SPEAKER_00]: Could it be a device that collapses and looks like a switch on the outside, but then actually opens up to have a second screen, allowing, you know, basically a DS and a 3DS shop or games in the future to have two screens?
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: We can dock it and then it could be the Wii U again.
[SPEAKER_04]: We'll call it the Wii U U.
[SPEAKER_00]: Here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: This makes a lot more sense to me in reverse.
[SPEAKER_00]: Here's what I mean.
[SPEAKER_00]: This patent makes a lot of sense to me if we're talking about my Switch 2 and let's say Loki's Switch 2, that when we're hanging out in person, getting together to play games in person, we can
[SPEAKER_00]: put our Switch 2s together and turn them into this Uber Switch 2 that allows for, you know, different types of games and gaming experiences.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the reason why my brain goes that way is because I think about just how many people have a Nintendo Switch these days and take them different places and so forth.
[SPEAKER_00]: Wouldn't it be kind of cool if you could Transformers, basically, it's what this is, it's Nintendo Transformers.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nintendo Transformers your system into
[SPEAKER_00]: a jumbo system or whatever you want to call it.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's funny, Bobby Blackwell in chat points out the Wii was just two GameCubes ducked together.
[SPEAKER_00]: So now if you are duct taped together, so now if you get two switches duct taped together, you get 4K graphics.
[SPEAKER_00]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_04]: But like maybe something not in this case, because you're going to have, you know, two.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's there's no way that hardware is going to drive three screens like it can barely drive one.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Cool, let's see what they come up with and people eat it up.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yum, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num, num,
[SPEAKER_00]: SSJ100 Matt says, just because they have a patent doesn't mean they're going to make it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sometimes it's to sit on an idea.
[SPEAKER_00]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: And Bobby points out, it's probably a defensive patent.
[SPEAKER_00]: All that can be true.
[SPEAKER_00]: And we can still sit here and go, hmm.
[SPEAKER_04]: I love the patents where it's like, well, we came up with this idea.
[SPEAKER_04]: Now nobody can do it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, that pushes development and innovation forward.
[SPEAKER_00]: Could Nintendo be sitting on this idea and locking down this idea where they could essentially allow you to emulate 3DS and DS games with your friend?
[SPEAKER_00]: I just think I think the idea of like a Transformers Switch is really interesting to me, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: I go back to my older idea that I thought the switch would make a lot of sense if they call it the switch three, even though it's the second one, but it's because it does 3d.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it's it's three ways to switch.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's in your hands, it's on the dock, or it's in front of your face doing VR.
[SPEAKER_00]: That makes a lot of sense to me.
[SPEAKER_00]: But what do I know?
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't I don't make video game.
[SPEAKER_04]: Just take two.
[SPEAKER_04]: You'll split the screen in half.
[SPEAKER_04]: You'll take one screen on one side, the other screen on the other side.
[SPEAKER_00]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_04]: Duct tape it around your head.
[SPEAKER_04]: Perfect.
[SPEAKER_04]: Look at that field of view.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's gonna be sticking out like a good, you know, couple feet on both sides.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, it'll be perfect.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, Lord.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Moving on.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, there was, I don't know if anyone remembers, in 2020 there had been a ransomware attack on Capcom.
[SPEAKER_05]: It had confidential employee information and details on a bunch of games released on the internet.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was performed by the RagnarLokr ransomware group.
[SPEAKER_05]: And they were finally taken down.
[SPEAKER_05]: They were raided in Czechia, Spain, Latvia, and I almost said Latveria, and that's comics, so forgive me, Latvia.
[SPEAKER_05]: and the action began October 16th with the arrest of a major target in Paris that led then to a search of his Czechia home.
[SPEAKER_05]: They also questioned five other suspects in Spain and Latvia.
[SPEAKER_05]: And then finally they were able to pull the infrastructure from the Netherlands, Germany, and Sweden.
[SPEAKER_05]: And they basically took their dark web offline.
[SPEAKER_05]: That was cute.
[SPEAKER_05]: Um, and so, uh, Europol was saying that, uh, the, their ransomware, their actual, uh, software they're using that was also called RagnarLocker, um, had targeted, and this is a quote, critical infrastructure across the world, including the Portuguese national airline and an Israeli hospital.
[SPEAKER_05]: Um, they were basically there to extort money in exchange for decryption tools.
[SPEAKER_05]: Keep stuff from getting released online.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it looks like that's one security breach that has been taken care of.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I hope that anyone else out there that they can also get a hold of too.
[SPEAKER_00]: Very interesting that this was something that went far beyond what was going on at Capcom, clearly, as much more the video games.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I'm glad they got them.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's for sure.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hey, people want the money, they go where the money is.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_00]: We're going to go to our next story, which, oh, Loki loves the things that Nintendo does.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm sure you have some thoughts on this.
[SPEAKER_04]: Especially this.
[SPEAKER_04]: This is great.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, Nintendo has now revealed a whole set of guidelines for small scale fan tournaments regarding, I think this is mostly directed at like the Smash scene.
[SPEAKER_04]: But basically allowing, they have certain guidelines that they have to follow like down to the number of participants, the entry fees, the prize pools, all that type of stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: Of course, also, you know,
[SPEAKER_04]: different guidelines regarding the use of Nintendo game footage and imagery.
[SPEAKER_04]: Of course, one of the big ones is modified.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, you can't run mods.
[SPEAKER_04]: So sorry, Smash mods.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's a no, no.
[SPEAKER_04]: They will.
[SPEAKER_04]: The Nintendo police will come after you.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's a whole set of guidelines that really feels friendly to the community.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I hate it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I hate all of it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Why?
[SPEAKER_04]: Because I feel like this is so restrictive regarding tournaments and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_04]: For example, I don't believe Capcom has the same type of stranglehold on the tournament scene and what people do with that.
[SPEAKER_04]: I get it with running modded games and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_04]: They would probably be not okay with that.
[SPEAKER_04]: but like just running their actual game as like a competition for things.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like I don't think many companies care like what people are doing as long as you're not like, you know, disparaging their brand or anything like that.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're just like so very locked down when it comes to like even like back not even that long ago when it came to just making Let's Play content with their games, they were very restrictive.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like at some point they're like,
[SPEAKER_04]: No, we want a cut of that money.
[SPEAKER_04]: I remember that.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just it's very anti-consumer.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's very anti just like fan like for these events.
[SPEAKER_04]: Especially like when they're talking about like the amount of cash that like the organizer should get and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, what if they're organizing a really big event or they're organizing a really fancy event?
[SPEAKER_04]: Why should we
[SPEAKER_04]: even more.
[SPEAKER_04]: So yeah, of course, you know, some of the stuff is just like legal speak, you know, like obviously you can't say it's presented by Nintendo or it's an officially endorsed by Nintendo, your events and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_04]: You may not use pirated or modified games or versions of your games.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, that's kind of self-explanatory.
[SPEAKER_04]: That makes sense.
[SPEAKER_04]: Games with online play must use the online gameplay services and servers provided by the official
[SPEAKER_04]: Nintendo group, or in other words, you can't use like Warp Pipe or something like that.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, I think it's... I don't like it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't like how controlling they are with it.
[SPEAKER_04]: This is like... I like their games.
[SPEAKER_06]: This is Nintendo.
[SPEAKER_04]: The company, I don't like.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't like the way the company operates in this sense.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're too litigious.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's get some comments from chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mike Deft says, I was watching a video explaining all this and it seems reasonable considering that other companies have done the same before, for example, Cabcom.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkDesia says, there was an incident at a Street Fighter VI tournament involving a mod for Chun-Li, so that much I get.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you look it up, it's kind of not safe for work.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mike Deft says this is more about guidelines and keeping stuff in order than them being anti-fun and kind of refers to a video that he was watching that helps get into some of the weeds with this.
[SPEAKER_00]: and
[SPEAKER_00]: And there's a part of me that goes, well, no, they're not going to do that.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I understand why people think that when these types of news stories and this whole thing comes out.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like if you do a, what is that Smash Brothers mod that is very much piracy that adds all these other characters into the game?
[SPEAKER_00]: What the hell is that called?
[SPEAKER_00]: I forget.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't remember, but yeah, I know what you're talking about.
[SPEAKER_00]: The Melee one.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you run that tournament in your basement, that's not Nintendo's fucking business because it's in your house, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: And it's that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Is this only when like money is exchanged?
[SPEAKER_04]: It's only community, like so, like, for example, they said community.
[SPEAKER_04]: So what they consider a small scale, not for commercial profit tournament, it says up to 200 participants for in-person tournaments or 300 for online.
[SPEAKER_04]: So that's still a lot.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's a big tournament.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's a comic book shop wouldn't get that many people at a tournament.
[SPEAKER_00]: I know going back to like the DDR tournament days.
[SPEAKER_00]: Did we ever get a DDR tournament with 200 people in it?
[SPEAKER_04]: No, not even close.
[SPEAKER_04]: No.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: So well, wasn't there one with a 64?
[SPEAKER_00]: But no, it still wasn't.
[SPEAKER_00]: I would say I would say something like maybe 100 is probably the most I saw the DR days.
[SPEAKER_04]: it would be yeah like it wouldn't it wouldn't be anything of that size so these are these are much larger tournaments like think of like a convention maybe that has okay it would have to be still a pretty large tournament even for something like that but these rules make a lot more sense like even drawing the line there i'm like okay that you are talking about much bigger like professional tournaments than you know joe's comic book shack but that but what they're saying is up to
[SPEAKER_04]: 200 participants, so like it's anything.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, yeah, up to not 200 plus it is up to.
[SPEAKER_04]: So there.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, they still are technically going to have to.
[SPEAKER_04]: You'd have to adhere to that still, technically.
[SPEAKER_04]: So if like I have two people that we're going to have a tournament, then I have to follow these rules.
[SPEAKER_00]: but they can't control what I do in my basement.
[SPEAKER_00]: So there's still there's still some sense of I think I think if you have probably a business that is advertising a tournament, they are taking ownership of a tournament, then that's that's the these rules apply to them.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's like a terms of use type of thing or whatever of the game.
[SPEAKER_00]: So yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, Bobby Blackwell says these are guidelines for public tournaments that are advertised.
[SPEAKER_00]: Exactly that.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you have something in your basement, then they can't control that.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's no possible way.
[SPEAKER_00]: But yeah, now, okay, if, you know, Joe's Comic Book Hut wants to do a tournament like this, then they have to kind of follow these rules.
[SPEAKER_00]: but I wouldn't imagine a shop like that would be doing modded.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know, now, but you know what's funny?
[SPEAKER_00]: Now that I'm looking at all of this through a DDR lens, you know, kind of going back to, fuck, how we all met, quite frankly, isn't it funny?
[SPEAKER_00]: Because none of the, those DDR machines, none of them were legal in the US.
[SPEAKER_00]: Did anyone ever go to a DDR USA tournament?
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't think, I don't think- They were legal in the sense that
[SPEAKER_00]: Kanami turned a blind eye to it, that's how it was leaked.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, Kanami, it's more, it wouldn't be a legality issue for the person having the machine, it'd be a legality issue for the person, for them selling to the United States, I would think, or somebody importing it, because I don't think, it's more of a music licensing issue type of thing, whereas, like, the artists
[SPEAKER_04]: would need to be compensated a certain way, you know, based off where it is.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, you get, it's weird licensing stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: Um, but I, I mean, we, there's import games everywhere nowadays, especially in specific arcades that like specialize in that.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I don't know if they're doing something different there to purchase those Japanese region games.
[SPEAKER_04]: Um, if there's like some sort of licensing deal that they have to work out for that, maybe that's the whole emus thing, but, um,
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: But yeah, technically, technically, I guess, is gray.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, chatters are pointing out in multiple places that there are other companies that have these types of rules as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: Again, going back to the Capcom comment from earlier.
[SPEAKER_00]: So you know, fair is fair as far as the the tournaments and all that go.
[SPEAKER_00]: But it is interesting.
[SPEAKER_00]: this sort of legal area that it puts these smaller tournaments that really want to get the community together in small towns, you know, in places where there might only be 15 people that play this game or whatever it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: It is interesting the impact these sorts of rules have on on that, you know, but for the most part, you know, as long as you're keeping it legal,
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_00]: And what if you were to do a tournament where the steps weren't authentic?
[SPEAKER_00]: Like with that, I know it was a different era, but that's just kind of how they would have never approved any of that tournament.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mm hmm.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, anyway, it's just an interesting time.
[SPEAKER_04]: The rules, the judging, the prizes.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right, let's move on and talk a little more about old school games from somebody who has some old school perspective on the industry.
[SPEAKER_00]: The former boss of PlayStation, Shawn Layden, has said some interesting comments this week.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, keep in mind, Shawn Layden left Sony in 2019, but he was on a podcast this week called, oh, hold on, I have a special delivery of coffee from my husband.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank you, Alan.
[SPEAKER_00]: Alan's wearing my hoodie.
[SPEAKER_00]: Wait, Alan,
[SPEAKER_00]: You wanna show everybody my, the Atari hoodie?
[SPEAKER_00]: Cause it's so cute.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it's covered in cat hair.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's okay, I look a mess too.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nobody watches the show, you're fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the best way to have all your clothes be.
[SPEAKER_00]: You're fine, look at that, look at that.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's my Atari hoodie, and it's covered in cat hair from Cheddar, cause he likes to, yep, with the wood grain on it.
[SPEAKER_00]: I love that.
[SPEAKER_05]: I still need pictures of Cheddar.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh God, I have a million of them.
[SPEAKER_00]: I need to just, yeah, open up a share folder and send them to you.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, where were we before I got distracted with husband bringing me a coffee?
[SPEAKER_00]: Soda.
[SPEAKER_00]: Ah, let's see.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, yes.
[SPEAKER_00]: So Shawn Layden was on a podcast called the Land Party Podcast.
[SPEAKER_00]: And in comments said, I'm hoping that more
[SPEAKER_00]: I always kind of feel bad when people get, which is ironic that I'm about to say this, I know, but I almost feel kind of bad when these executives get quoted on podcasts and it goes everywhere because it makes them apprehensive to do podcasts in the future.
[SPEAKER_00]: But it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_00]: They know what they're getting into by agreeing to do these things.
[SPEAKER_00]: He said, I'm hoping that more people in the industry, certainly the big players, begin to realize there's an obligation and responsibility.
[SPEAKER_00]: This isn't throwaway stuff we're making.
[SPEAKER_00]: This is stuff that should be around for a long time because future generations will enjoy it in the same way that we have.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it's criminal that we're not doing more to protect it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now, see, some of that was probably hyperbole based on the tone or the attitude of the podcast.
[SPEAKER_00]: But, you know, now all those headlines are like, Shawn Layden says that it's criminal not to preserve.
[SPEAKER_00]: Cloud Gaming.
[SPEAKER_00]: Just fascinating how all that stuff works.
[SPEAKER_00]: So, um, but it's also interesting because Sony's kind of been a big offender in this department in some way.
[SPEAKER_00]: I feel like they are trying to get better and fix some of that through cloud gaming and stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: But it's like, I don't know, I guess if you have the hardware, it's it's fine.
[SPEAKER_00]: But, um, yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, Nintendo obviously facing criticism for closing the Wii U and the 3DS eShops.
[SPEAKER_00]: In 2021, after Shawn Layden left, Sony announced they would be closing the PS3, Vita, and PSP digital stores, although a partial U-turn was made at some point where the PSP store was closed, but the other ones are still open, at least for a little bit longer.
[SPEAKER_00]: So yeah, I...
[SPEAKER_00]: It's interesting, but we need the folks that are actually on the inside to be doing things about that, for sure.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I feel like the consumers are demanding it more, which is a good thing, because I do feel like, especially we know on Microsoft's front, they're hearing it.
[SPEAKER_00]: They're really trying to do what they can about it, and we just need others to follow suit, for sure.
[SPEAKER_00]: because game preservation is, you know, important and we like to do a little bit of that here on this show every week in our next segment.
[SPEAKER_06]: And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's time for the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right, and DarkSakura, what did you pick for your game this week?
[SPEAKER_05]: I picked Silent Hill the Arcade.
[SPEAKER_05]: Which I've thankfully gotten to play once.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a lot like House of the Dead, you know, it's on rails, but it's got multiple different endings that you can get.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I'll get to the endings in a little bit with I hope you saw the extra thing I linked you.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes, but it's going to be hard for me to bring up, but I'll do my best here.
[SPEAKER_05]: It is an arcade spin-off of the Silent Hill series developed and published by Konami.
[SPEAKER_05]: The game was revealed at the 2007 Japan Arcade Operators Union Trade Show.
[SPEAKER_05]: It was released in Japan on July 25, 2007, and then elsewhere in 2008.
[SPEAKER_05]: There was no US release, but it did get a European release.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, at any rate, you use light guns to aim and shoot at your enemies, and then you shoot away to reload.
[SPEAKER_05]: It has multiplayer elements, where you can either be one of two characters, either Eric or Tina.
[SPEAKER_05]: A second player can join in at any time, and your progress is saved with the EMUs pass.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, for the characters of the game, and you know, if it's a Silent Hill game, we've got some fleshed out characters.
[SPEAKER_05]: See, I have a character named Eric, who's a protagonist, who's a 21-year-old college student studying the occult, and he's from Portland.
[SPEAKER_05]: He used to live in Silent Hill, but moved.
[SPEAKER_05]: He lived with his aunt and uncle since his parents died, and his grandfather was the captain of a ship called the Little Baroness.
[SPEAKER_05]: It disappeared on Toluca Lake, so Eric wants to investigate it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Tina is the other protagonist, also 21, and also lives in Portland.
[SPEAKER_05]: She's studying to become a teacher, and she goes to Silent Hill to meet her pen pal, Emily.
[SPEAKER_05]: There is another guy named Bill, and you only see him once.
[SPEAKER_05]: Jessie, Emily, 9-year-old daughter of the Silent Hill Historical Society's chief librarian, and Tina's pen pal.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hannah is born in 1910, a sick little girl whose mother resents her, dies in an accident on the Little Baroness, and is the antagonist of the game.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, there's other characters that are members of the Occult Club that go to Silent Hill, and they all go missing as the story unfolds.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, to go a little bit deeper into it, you basically check into
[SPEAKER_05]: The Jaxx Inn and Eric has big nightmares and then in the morning he finds that Bill has been wounded and the rest of the club is missing except for Tina so they go through Silent Hill, they go to Brookhaven Hospital, they find Emily
[SPEAKER_05]: But she's going by Hannah.
[SPEAKER_05]: You chase her through the hospital.
[SPEAKER_05]: You go to the other world.
[SPEAKER_05]: The pyramid head is there.
[SPEAKER_05]: Of course, he's there to represent concepts of punishment.
[SPEAKER_05]: So maybe someone feels guilty for something.
[SPEAKER_05]: But, you know, after going through the game, you eventually are going to... you get pulled through time to fight off a version of Hana who has turned into a giant monster called the Phantom.
[SPEAKER_05]: And you...
[SPEAKER_05]: Basically, there is some pretty disturbing scenes in there.
[SPEAKER_05]: finds Hanna's mother, Lorraine, who she thinks is her own mother, but Lorraine throws her overboard in the lake like she did with Hanna, so she had drowned her daughter.
[SPEAKER_05]: And that led to the little baroness sinking.
[SPEAKER_05]: So basically, you fight Hanna as the Phantom, and there's different endings based on how well you do.
[SPEAKER_05]: There is a good ending which you have to rescue all of your friends and shoot all of the hands and it plays the promise music from one of the games.
[SPEAKER_05]: The normal ending plays hometown where you destroy the phantom but
[SPEAKER_05]: There are some things that were in the good ending that aren't in that.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't really want to spoil it too much.
[SPEAKER_05]: Now the bad ending is like you're stuck in Silent Hill forever with other stuff happening.
[SPEAKER_05]: And then there's a UFO ending.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know how to get it.
[SPEAKER_05]: But the UFO ending is great because Eric's grandfather comes back on a spaceship.
[SPEAKER_05]: And, uh, he says that you have to chase after him.
[SPEAKER_05]: And so you set off in another spaceship and it's the Vic Viper from Gradius.
[SPEAKER_05]: And as if you skip up a little bit more in this, as you're going through the, uh, it transitions into Robbie, the, the rabbit playing Gradius for the nest.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, that's pretty good.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, and you were basically... Yeah, it actually, like, zooms in on the Vik Viper and then pans back out to showing it morph into the window.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, yeah, even this has a UFO ending.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's pretty great.
[SPEAKER_05]: You do also have different directions that you can take.
[SPEAKER_05]: There's actually maps that were put up.
[SPEAKER_05]: They're in Japanese, but it tells you, like, the best route to take to get, like, the hidden stuff and do the whole game.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it's very, very in-depth.
[SPEAKER_05]: Of course, as far as criticism that the game has received, it was considered out of place in the main series.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it's, you know, a lot more aggressive than the typical psychological horror of the Silent Hill games.
[SPEAKER_05]: And the voice acting isn't great.
[SPEAKER_05]: But the game is about an hour long.
[SPEAKER_05]: And there are, I mean, when this came out, there were lines to play it.
[SPEAKER_05]: But they're having the other world in there and having some of the very familiar scenes from Silent Hill.
[SPEAKER_05]: And honestly enough, it's actually a really pretty game.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, it's very good looking for 2007.
[SPEAKER_05]: Not this bug scene, gross.
[SPEAKER_05]: yeah sorry yeah well i mean i know but it's gross i know um but i'm trying to see if i can find what it ran on um i don't see what it ran on but if i can find like a way to play this i'll have to stream through it sometime um but at any rate um
[SPEAKER_05]: One of the wikis that I looked at does list where you can find some, although I don't know when the last time that this was updated.
[SPEAKER_05]: Let me see if I can find a date on it.
[SPEAKER_05]: It doesn't have the last update, but it was saying that there were locations in Puente Hills at Round 1.
[SPEAKER_05]: and Santa Ana also at Round 1, Westfield Main Place Mall, Brookfield, Illinois at Galloping Ghost Arcade, Grapevine, Texas at Round 1, Stonecrest, Georgia at Round 1 at Stonecrest Mall.
[SPEAKER_05]: In Europe, there's Chassonneux du Poitou in France at the Futuroscope theme park, Malaga, Spain at the Devernostrum Arcade,
[SPEAKER_05]: Salo, Spain and PortAventura Theme Park and Bridlington at the Forum Arcade.
[SPEAKER_05]: And then in the Philippines at Festival Mall Alabang, Amazon Block M Mall in Jakarta and Amazon Grand ITC Perma Hijau also in Jakarta.
[SPEAKER_05]: But that might be gone.
[SPEAKER_05]: So I challenge friends who live in any of those areas.
[SPEAKER_05]: Take a picture.
[SPEAKER_05]: See if you see it.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'd love to see.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Now a little bit of trivia about the game.
[SPEAKER_05]: So there are links to the other Silent Hill games in other ways.
[SPEAKER_05]: The Little Baroness was first mentioned in Silent Hill 2 in an article you find in the Toluca Prison.
[SPEAKER_05]: Of course, we have the inclusion of the Red Pyramid.
[SPEAKER_05]: The Spiral Staircase, which is one of the ways that you get to the sort of time jump, is the same one that appeared in Silent Hill 4, the room that represented Walter Sullivan's inner mind.
[SPEAKER_05]: And the original voice actor of James Sunderland in Silent Hill 2, Guy Chihi, has played the game.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, yay.
[SPEAKER_05]: But yeah, it's...
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a, it's a neat looking machine.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's got like this sort of tattered canopy around the shooting cabinet.
[SPEAKER_05]: Um, I only have like one small picture.
[SPEAKER_05]: So if you look it up, you'll see what I mean.
[SPEAKER_05]: But, um, you know what, you know, this makes me think of as far as the graphic style on it, it makes me think of an Almy game.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, that's why I want to know what hardware it's running on.
[SPEAKER_00]: In chat, they say it's just PC-based hardware, says Orange, right?
[SPEAKER_05]: PC-based hardware?
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay, well then she should be able to run it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, but at any rate, that's the game.
[SPEAKER_05]: Silent Hill the arcade.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I saw one of these once and I thought the pyramid head thing looked so cool, like obviously an iconic figure from the Silent Hill series.
[SPEAKER_00]: And yeah, I never played it though, which considering how scary some of those bug sequences are, I think I'm, I think I'm kind of glad I didn't.
[SPEAKER_00]: So yeah, but there, there it is your classic game of the week, Silent Hill, the arcade version.
[SPEAKER_00]: So we will move on from that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sorry to those watching live on Twitch while I get the video back up and running But I had to do some magic there to get the UFO ending to be able to show because that was important So it is important and I guess you just Wink wink nudge nudge.
[SPEAKER_05]: What found found the game.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, there you go.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh
[SPEAKER_00]: That'll be a fun one to stream at some point.
[SPEAKER_05]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Appropriate for the season as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, DarkTortillas is worth it for the Gradius reference.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: Agree.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right, we are going to move on to some rapid fire news and cover some news going on in the industry rather rapidly.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think I'm switching it up and start with DarkSakura tonight, if I remember right.
[SPEAKER_00]: So DarkSakura, why don't you start us off tonight?
[SPEAKER_05]: I thought I was, we were just switching the story but I'll go ahead and talk about it.
[SPEAKER_05]: So a game that I am very fond of playing is Disney Dream Night Valley and all the talk had been that it was going to be free to play.
[SPEAKER_05]: That is not the case.
[SPEAKER_05]: Gameloft decided that they're not going to go through with the free-to-play plan.
[SPEAKER_05]: With what they've learned from Early Access, so they say, they've made the decision to remain a paid game for the foreseeable future.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, if you want the game, there are different founders packs, and when the game launches on December 5th, there will still be the three different editions.
[SPEAKER_05]: So there's the standard edition for $39.99, that's a digital copy of the game, and $8,000 Moonstones.
[SPEAKER_05]: The gold edition for $69.99, which I think also is the ultimate edition on Steam right now, is the digital copy of the full game, Expansion Pass, 15,000 Moonstones, Flowery, Capybara, Companion,
[SPEAKER_05]: a flowery summer cottage house style and artist's overalls, avatar costume.
[SPEAKER_05]: And then there's the Cozy Edition, which is a retail exclusive for $49.99.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's the physical copy of the game, 14,500 Moonstones, cottage house skin, five raccoon companion skins, a Cheshire Cat sweater, one of six posters, and a sticker sheet.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: I have a lot of fun playing it, but I'm a little pissed off at it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Because there is one very short, teensy bit of music that apparently has triggered Twitch to give me one of those little warnings and mute the channel, you know, mute that part of the stream.
[SPEAKER_05]: And it's all the music for when you upgrade a building.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's all.
[SPEAKER_05]: So while I will still be streaming the game I will not be keeping my VODs up for it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, so apparently there's been an announcement from Annapurna Interactive.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're going to do a collection of 12 of their games for $200 on a single Switch cartridge.
[SPEAKER_04]: So that's pretty amazing that they could fit that all in one cartridge.
[SPEAKER_04]: It is being done, of course, through IM8Bit, and there's only going to be 2,500 copies available.
[SPEAKER_04]: So you got to get in on that because they started pre-orders four days ago.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, you know, good luck.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's supposed to be shipping sometime next year.
[SPEAKER_04]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't think I'll be getting that.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then Dead Cells is getting a brand new Netflix edition.
[SPEAKER_04]: What is that exactly?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, of course, Netflix, you may remember, offers games as part of a service that nobody seems to play, but Dead Cells is going to be part of it.
[SPEAKER_04]: And as part of this edition that's going to be available on October 31st, it will basically it's like a game of the year edition.
[SPEAKER_04]: It basically has all the DLC included with it, including the Castlevania stuff, because that's including the Castlevania stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nice, nice.
[SPEAKER_04]: So yeah, so if you have a Netflix subscription, you get access to all of these games on both iOS and Android devices.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't hear PC in there, so no thanks.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, Sony, you might remember, took some shit a few months ago, and quite frankly, rightfully so, because they jacked up the price of PlayStation Plus up by like 35%, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: We saw a lot of tiers go way up.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well,
[SPEAKER_00]: the Senior Vice President and Head of Global Marketing, Eric Lempel, was doing an interview with Barron's and was asked to basically explain what are these price hikes all about.
[SPEAKER_00]: And in a comment, he said, we want to make PlayStation Plus great.
[SPEAKER_00]: With our reboot last year and introducing the tier system, a lot of consumers have recognized that there's a lot of value in PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like practically everything else in the world, we have to look at our pricing and we have to adjust to market conditions.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm happy to say, unlike a lot of other subscription services out there, we haven't touched the PlayStation Plus pricing for 85% of the world in many years.
[SPEAKER_00]: So this was the first time we did something there.
[SPEAKER_00]: It should be pointed out, to be fair, Microsoft did raise the price of Game Pass in July.
[SPEAKER_00]: Granted, it wasn't quite the same level of hike, but okay.
[SPEAKER_00]: In the interview, Lempel was also asked for thoughts on Game Pass.
[SPEAKER_00]: saying, quote, it comes down to what you're going to get in the service in terms of the type of game and the quality of games.
[SPEAKER_00]: I can't comment on what the competition is doing, but with us, we feel we're offering a great curated catalog of games, as well as other features and services with PlayStation Plus.
[SPEAKER_00]: Also, we give you the options with the three tiers to engage as much or as little as you want, depending on what you'd like to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a very different offering, but it's one that resonated with consumers.
[SPEAKER_00]: Since we introduced the tier, we've seen a third of the Plus user base opt for the upper two tiers, which is more than we expected.
[SPEAKER_00]: So at the end of the day, I guess the consumers have spoken.
[SPEAKER_00]: Here's the thing, if this news pisses you off, you have to be willing to vote with your wallet.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it's very clear, so many people are not, I mean, you can't really see, in that figure he's quoting, you don't really see the result of the price increase yet.
[SPEAKER_00]: But you have to be willing to let some of that go if you want to really send a message.
[SPEAKER_00]: Because honestly, I really feel like a lot of what he's saying there in that comment, he doesn't comment on
[SPEAKER_00]: the quality of this sure he offered he says well we have these multiple tiers we're doing these extra thing which they charge more money for in the first place so i'm not hearing what you're saying there and then basically says lol inflation everyone else is doing it why can't we everyone else did it by a dollar
[SPEAKER_00]: SSJ100 Matt makes a very interesting parallel in chat saying they stole this response from the MTA, New York City Mass Transit's playbook to justify fair hikes while meanwhile adding nothing to the experience.
[SPEAKER_00]: Ranma, who also lives in New York, says this.
[SPEAKER_00]: Questbuster says, I guess I'll buy an annual renewal every Black Friday on eBay.
[SPEAKER_00]: Vary that.
[SPEAKER_00]: If I am going to renew, if Black Friday will be the day that I do it.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the only day I feel like I'm going to be able to find it a reasonable price.
[SPEAKER_00]: But now, now I'm worried they're going to kind of know, and maybe I'm not going to find a good price there.
[SPEAKER_00]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some games I suppose you can play online with these very expensive services that let you play online.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's start with the U.S., Loki.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, so in the U.S., we've got Resident Evil Village on iOS.
[SPEAKER_04]: The Foglands on PlayStation 5 and Quest 2.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm assuming that's the PlayStation VR, but you know, he doesn't mention that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Force Cathedral on PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_04]: We have Headbangers, Rhythm Royale on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: JustSant on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: LittleGoodyTwoShoes on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: You Will Die Here Tonight on PC.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alien Hominid HD and Alien Hominid Invasion on PC, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_00]: How old are those games?
[SPEAKER_04]: Alien Hawkeye was one of the first Xbox arcade games.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, it was pretty old.
[SPEAKER_04]: Ninja or Die, Shadow of the Sun on PC.
[SPEAKER_04]: We have the Song of Nunu, a League of Legends story on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: Achilles, Legend Untold on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Blasphemous 2 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Let's see, we've got For The King 2 on PC
[SPEAKER_04]: TheFoxAwaitsMe, Hannah, on Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's a name.
[SPEAKER_04]: MyTimeAtSandrock on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: PhantomBladeExecutioners on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, iOS, and Android.
[SPEAKER_04]: PlayedUp on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: Robocop Rogue City on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series The Smurfs 2, The Prisoner of the Greenstone
[SPEAKER_04]: There's a second Smurfs movie because that's what it looks like.
[SPEAKER_04]: PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: Star Ocean, the second story R on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_04]: The Talos Principle 2 on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: ThirstySuiters on PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5, Xbox One and Xbox Series EA Sports WRC
[SPEAKER_04]: PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series We've got Fashion Dreamer on Nintendo Switch Radiant Silvergun on PC Quantum Error on PlayStation 5 Ebenezer in the Invisible World on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5 Xbox One, Xbox Series, and last but not least WarioWare Move It!
[SPEAKER_04]: on Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_00]: Uh, that's a lot of games, but, um, granted we're getting into November at this point.
[SPEAKER_04]: Don't worry, there's like two or three more weeks and then that's right.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then dry up till January.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, let's look at Japan and see what the release pattern is over there.
[SPEAKER_00]: Uh, not as busy as here, but still pretty busy.
[SPEAKER_00]: Actually.
[SPEAKER_00]: Uh, Nintendo switch.
[SPEAKER_00]: We'll see the release in Japan of Gensou Skydrift on the switch.
[SPEAKER_00]: Uh, the Fox awaits Mihana, uh, Fashion Dreamer.
[SPEAKER_00]: The Fox Waves Mihana, by the way, is an irregular and a special edition, just so you know.
[SPEAKER_00]: Star Ocean, the second story, also releases in Japan.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mugen Souls and Mugen Souls Z, and also a double pack, all releases on the Switch this week as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: Then WarioWare Move It will also see a release in Japan, of course.
[SPEAKER_00]: My Time at Sandrock.
[SPEAKER_00]: some new amiibo figures for Tears of the Kingdom for Zelda and Ganondorf will be releasing this week as well and Pokemon Scarlet plus the hidden treasure of Area Zero so I'm assuming that is a DLC and the game kind of combo pack for those that are interested in that some new Nintendo Switch Lite patterns are coming out as well
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_05]: So on the second, for PlayStation, Xbox, and PC, we have The Invincible.
[SPEAKER_05]: There's also, for PlayStation Switch, The Smurfs 2, Prisoner of the Green Stone.
[SPEAKER_05]: For the same, Star Ocean, The Second Story, R. For PlayStation and Xbox, Robocop, Rogue City.
[SPEAKER_05]: On the third, for the same two, we have EA Sports, WRC.
[SPEAKER_05]: For PlayStation, Tramsim Deluxe.
[SPEAKER_05]: For Switch, Fashion Dreamer.
[SPEAKER_05]: For the three consoles, DreamWorks All-Star Kart Racing.
[SPEAKER_05]: Also, Roller Coaster Tycoon Adventures Deluxe.
[SPEAKER_05]: For Switch, WarioWare Move It.
[SPEAKER_05]: And for the three, Jumanji Wild Adventures.
[SPEAKER_04]: all right that's it uh then with that we will move back into a few more stories but we'll be inviting you all to participate with our show a little bit later on but first we want to get through a few more headlines so we'll go back over to Loki yes so we have news that Media Molecule has laid off 15 to 20 percent of their staff apparently they put out a message regarding this saying Media Molecule has made significant strategic changes during the past year including
[SPEAKER_04]: Shifting our focus from Dreams to our new project, and we've had to make the difficult decision to begin with the consultation process for team members within certain departments of the studio.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think they meant consolidation, because consultation process, that doesn't make any sense.
[SPEAKER_04]: This is a tough moment for the individuals impacted and the studios overall.
[SPEAKER_04]: Every single role has been put at risk or delivered by someone who contributed something special to Media Molecule.
[SPEAKER_04]: We will make sure that those impacted receive the best support we can during this process.
[SPEAKER_04]: So that's unfortunate.
[SPEAKER_00]: That is unfortunate.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I think just kind of goes to show that Dreams maybe didn't quite hit the expectation.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I mean, I feel like that game was so... They didn't push it at all.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nobody pushed it.
[SPEAKER_00]: You're right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like that.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't understand why Sony literally slept on that game.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's wild.
[SPEAKER_04]: They treated it like the Vita.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean,
[SPEAKER_00]: and somebody else said
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, we're trying to do all these things.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then the reality is not so much.
[SPEAKER_00]: So here's hoping everybody learns to be nice about it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Certain people in charge could take a pay cut.
[SPEAKER_00]: That that is also very true.
[SPEAKER_05]: So because it would be their failure as leadership.
[SPEAKER_00]: Um, since I know this is a British based company, aren't the lay like the laws around redundancies and all that stuff?
[SPEAKER_00]: Aren't they a little stricter over there?
[SPEAKER_00]: Like as far as like regulatory, the things they have to do and report with that?
[SPEAKER_02]: Not yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hmm.
[SPEAKER_00]: Alright, uh, well let's move on, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, um, for the next Awesome Games Done Quick, there's gonna be a new speedrunner.
[SPEAKER_05]: Ashiba Inu, named Peanutbutter.
[SPEAKER_05]: This particular dog, with a little bit of guidance from his human, plays Gyromite.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's going to be a remote play, because Puppers needs to be at home and not nervous around a bunch of strangers.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, we're gonna have a pupper do us a run.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think it's cute.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think it's fascinating, too, in a way, it's taken this long to see something a little bit mainstream.
[SPEAKER_00]: And what I mean by that is, because if the game is Gyromite, then essentially I'm assuming the dog is kind of doing the role of Rob the Robot, which is literally hold this, hold this, hold that.
[SPEAKER_00]: It is very simple.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's basically as human as holding up treats on the button to press.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I still think that it's adorable.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, and then according to Bobby in chat, JSR is going to be getting on a plane to do Zelda 2 in person.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, wow.
[SPEAKER_04]: I want to see a cat do one of those speedruns.
[SPEAKER_04]: Of course, that would be an even more difficult task.
[SPEAKER_00]: A cat would never obey its owner longer.
[SPEAKER_00]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_05]: I would have Midna speedrun something I hate, which would be just to not run it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Her response would be just to sit on the controller and cancel the game.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: Cats aren't going to do anything a human wants them to do.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's the number one rule of cats.
[SPEAKER_05]: Midna might throw up on a game.
[SPEAKER_05]: She might.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's going to be super cute though.
[SPEAKER_00]: And you know, actually I, you know, when, if you think about Game Stunt Quick and the fact that it really is about the speed runners and the charity, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: A stunt like this, because it's kind of a stunt, but it's, it's the cool kind of stunt.
[SPEAKER_00]: Like, you know, it's, it's, it's the kind we're okay with.
[SPEAKER_00]: A stunt like this is going to get a lot more eyes on GDQ and ultimately donating to the charity.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that whole thing, there will be people that want to get their names read during that speed run and so forth.
[SPEAKER_00]: So,
[SPEAKER_00]: I think it's a very clever idea to, you know, mix it up a little bit and getting, you know, getting more people involved.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a cute pupper.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Very cute doggo.
[SPEAKER_05]: Very good boy.
[SPEAKER_00]: Bobby is doing a frown saying since it's a remote run, I won't be able to host for it if I get selected.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's at 3pm Eastern on Tuesday.
[SPEAKER_00]: You could be before or after.
[SPEAKER_00]: So don't give up hope.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: I do love, though, and I love how they are continuing to leverage the remote runs with the in-person runs, like, in a way that allows both to kind of run, you know, seamlessly.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's, yeah, it's a good idea.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, here's what I think.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know that you can teach a cat to use a soundboard, right?
[SPEAKER_05]: Right.
[SPEAKER_05]: And they can communicate with you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_05]: would think that it could be indeed possible to teach a cat to play a video game.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm just gonna say that right now.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm not gonna try that with Midna because she's old.
[SPEAKER_05]: But my next cat is going to be taught to play DDR.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, my cat's gonna be no help either.
[SPEAKER_00]: Mr. Smush would just sleep and Cheddar would just cry.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's all that's gonna do.
[SPEAKER_05]: I still think you should get Mr. Smush a David Bowie costume because he has the eyes.
[SPEAKER_05]: Seriously!
[SPEAKER_00]: No, I know, it's funny.
[SPEAKER_05]: You could call him, uh, Smushy Bowie.
[SPEAKER_00]: Bobby is also pointing out that if you haven't seen the schedule for Games Done Quick yet, AGDQ, it is posted over at gamesdonequick.com.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think that was one of those things that came out while we were on break.
[SPEAKER_00]: So if you want to see the full schedule, it is there.
[SPEAKER_00]: The hosting part is not filled out yet, but I'm assuming we'll get to know that in the coming weeks as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: I guess if you think about it, if we're getting into November, we're only like two months away.
[SPEAKER_00]: Man, time flies sometimes.
[SPEAKER_00]: It really does.
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, let's go back to a game we were talking about earlier in the show and Loki, some interesting comments on this game.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, so Starfield, it's.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, they may have made it a bit smaller or they said smaller may have been better, because I think
[SPEAKER_04]: What some of the complaints have been so far with the game has been that, hey, you know, it's procedurally generated and there's a lot of like it was a thousand planets or whatever, but they're all kind of empty.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's not a lot to do there.
[SPEAKER_04]: And since it's procedurally generated, you know, you kind of run across the same type of stuff over and over.
[SPEAKER_04]: So one of the former employee, Bethesda employee, Bruce Nesmith, who worked on Starfield as a senior systems designer, talked about their decision to go so massive with it.
[SPEAKER_04]: In an interview, he said that
[SPEAKER_04]: The player expectations around the size of Bethesda Open World Games influence the team to opt for this approach.
[SPEAKER_04]: But you know, also, like, I don't think anybody was necessarily saying that it had to be a thousand different planets and stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't think anyone's really put that expectation out there, but basically said that, hey, Todd Howard pretty much pulled the number 100 for the number of solar systems out of thin air.
[SPEAKER_04]: But the more we went on, the more it was like, OK, so all core activity takes place in these two dozen unsettled systems and the rest is open space.
[SPEAKER_04]: People love our big games.
[SPEAKER_04]: They love that open area to explore.
[SPEAKER_04]: So let's go ahead and let them have at it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think some exploration stuff didn't come through as well as it could have because they decided to make other choices and never misunderstand this.
[SPEAKER_04]: In every game studio on the face of this planet, they know the choices that they're making.
[SPEAKER_04]: They know the things that are not going to be in there and they know what players are going to moan about.
[SPEAKER_04]: But you got to make the hard choice.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: I feel like Starfield felt like it was obligated to emulate No Man's Sky.
[SPEAKER_00]: at this point, you know, that it's it is so I wonder if they felt because it's interesting.
[SPEAKER_00]: The early concepts of Mass Effect Andromeda, if you, you know, buy into that stuff was supposed to be a similar thing was that it was going to be all these planets to explore.
[SPEAKER_00]: But they scaled back on that and made it, you know, just the, you know, narrative based planets, which probably was a good thing, despite, you know, how mixed whatever that game may have ultimately been by folks.
[SPEAKER_00]: But yeah, I'm with E3VL.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'd rather have 100 quality planets made by devs than a thousand procedurally generated ones.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I love No Man's Sky, and I love the procedurally generated universe of No Man's Sky, but that game is based around that.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's based around exploring the unknown.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's not a narrative game so much.
[SPEAKER_04]: And it's not like anyone had the expectation of, oh, there's a thousand planets that you're going to be able to explore.
[SPEAKER_04]: They put that in our heads because they told us this is what you're going to get.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like if they said, hey,
[SPEAKER_04]: They'd made it more like kind of along the lines of like a Mass Effect game where there's a limited number of planets to explore.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, yeah, it's not necessarily like walking around.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, it would be like, imagine like Skyrim, but like taking the map, splitting it up a bit and it's having, you know, you fly between different planets and you could still make each one of those planets extensive, like large areas to explore, but you didn't have to like make
[SPEAKER_04]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_04]: because it's all generated procedurally, it could be different every time you go down there.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so, like, if I go down to a planet and someone else goes down to that same planet, it could look different because it's all procedurally generated.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so that becomes a problem, too, I think.
[SPEAKER_04]: In this case, No Man's Sky, it's perfectly fine because, you know, that's the game.
[SPEAKER_04]: Whereas this is a narrative game and
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, there should be some well-crafted stories and areas, not necessarily just, oh, hey, there's another settlement that needs your help, Fallout 4 type of thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Questbuster in chat points out an interesting sort of cycle to this whole thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: Questbuster says this was the same problem that Bethesda's older RPGs like Daggerfall, which used procedural generation to create land, towns, and villages between the major cities of the region.
[SPEAKER_00]: Everything started feeling the same after a while, even the dungeons, but it was an impressive selling point for just how much you could explore.
[SPEAKER_00]: Interesting that maybe this has always been Bethesda's kind of
[SPEAKER_00]: Anyway, well, I don't know what better note to end our Halloween episode on or this time of year than this story, and that has to do with the Diablo 4 promotion, where if enough folks donate blood, Blizzard is going to raffle off a human blood infused PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: What?
[SPEAKER_00]: No.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, that's stupid.
[SPEAKER_00]: Giving blood also will earn players in game rewards, which is cute.
[SPEAKER_00]: But don't worry, the donations are actually going to like places that need them.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's not like Blizzard is just collecting them for fun.
[SPEAKER_00]: So this ties into the current season that Blizzard rolled out for Diablo, the season of blood.
[SPEAKER_00]: And it is a month long blood drive in the US and in game rewards will be unlocked as more people participate.
[SPEAKER_00]: Once 666 quarts
[SPEAKER_00]: of course, are donated.
[SPEAKER_00]: Players can enter a sweepstakes for a custom liquid-cooled PC infused with real human blood.
[SPEAKER_00]: No.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm laughing, just saying how silly this is.
[SPEAKER_05]: Isn't that illegal, like under biohazard laws?
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, I remember when, and Jason references in the intro, Lil Nas X tried to do those shoes, which was a similar thing, and that got shut down.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I think that had to do with Nike did not agree to the whole thing, and I think that's why that got shut down.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'd be less concerned about that and more concerned about that it's just not going to work well.
[SPEAKER_04]: Clearly, this is not something that they tested well.
[SPEAKER_04]: I just don't see that as a viable cooling solution, but sure.
[SPEAKER_00]: Here's my thing.
[SPEAKER_00]: So they say the custom PC is a NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4090, an Intel Core i9 CPU, 64 gigs of RAM, 3 terabyte SSD storage, and the Quantum Vector GPU water block for cooling.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now they don't say how the whole blood thing works, but is it like
[SPEAKER_00]: if I just take my like diabetes check needle and just get like one little drop of blood and put it can would I be able to say it's infused with blood like is that is that what it is one little in the system I still feel like even just that microscopic amount could ruin everything though so I'd be curious yeah because typically you like okay so normally you would want to like put a liquid in there that's not going to
[SPEAKER_04]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_00]: I would say Bobby's got a good idea what it probably is.
[SPEAKER_05]: My theory is that it's in the plastic mold or something.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, and Bobby's kind of piggybacking on that.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's a good idea.
[SPEAKER_00]: And Bobby says they could probably infuse an emblem on the case or something with it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Not actually a part of the operation, but your theory is very good as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's also stupid.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh my god, SSJ100 Matt, you need to stop.
[SPEAKER_00]: The comment DarkSakura is responding to from the podcast listeners is, this doesn't sound like a positive promotion, but I might be negative on this whole thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: I wish I could play one of my soundbites.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right, well, let's get to the list.
[SPEAKER_05]: The BBC would like to apologize.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let's get to the listener roundtable and take your calls, comments and so forth over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you have something you want us to talk about.
[SPEAKER_00]: I noticed this comment, too.
[SPEAKER_00]: I want to read from Artie McPhearse, who followed us tonight.
[SPEAKER_00]: By the way, hello.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank you for being here.
[SPEAKER_00]: saying Activision- Artie is a friend.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_00]: Activision Blizzard amazes me of how much they are far from how they used to be when they were just Blizzard.
[SPEAKER_00]: These promotions are not going to work out the way they want.
[SPEAKER_00]: Nope.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I mean, I won't be giving blood anytime soon, but that's because supposedly I have to abstain from in order to be able to donate blood, and I'm not going to do that.
[SPEAKER_05]: I can't anyway because of my mom.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thanks for the antibodies, mom!
[SPEAKER_00]: If you want to call us on Discord, vognetwork.com is the place to join our Discord.
[SPEAKER_00]: You can join the green room and we will pull some calls on air.
[SPEAKER_00]: We usually take this opportunity to check in with a mailbag as well.
[SPEAKER_00]: Don't think we had anything, but I'll double check that.
[SPEAKER_05]: Honestly, I'm kind of grateful with how my throat feels.
[SPEAKER_00]: But if you want to send us an email for a future week, we always invite that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Participate at orangelaundryday.com is the place to send an email.
[SPEAKER_00]: Let me check in with Loki and see if there's any last minute stories tonight.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't have any last minute stories.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was just going through the legalese on that blood harvesting to see how if they actually defined how it was infused with blood.
[SPEAKER_04]: They do not.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think y'all are right that it's something to do with the cosmetic portion of the PC as opposed to the actual inner parts of the PC.
[SPEAKER_00]: I think that's what it is.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like, note, contains .000001 from one tech who had a nosebleed over the plastic mold.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, I know.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's like, yeah, and literally, how do you get somebody to be like, okay, it's your blood that's going in the PC?
[SPEAKER_00]: Like, did they,
[SPEAKER_00]: did they get a celebrity to do it?
[SPEAKER_00]: Like, we apparently, um, you didn't say if it was human either some time ago, and I don't know why they just caught a pigeon.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know why the fucking Saw movies keep coming up.
[SPEAKER_00]: But it was Saw two or Saw three.
[SPEAKER_00]: I remember this was a thing they actually got Tobin Bell to put blood in the paint that went on the posters for Saw two or three.
[SPEAKER_00]: Now like again, it's like one or two drops but mixed with the paint so they could say his blood is on every poster basically.
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, no, that would have to be in the ink.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I was gonna say that doesn't work, but whatever.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, and I'm trying to think of knowing what I know about print processing.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, I guess it could work.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: But it would, depending on how much was used, it would absolutely change the consistency and, what's the word I'm thinking of?
[SPEAKER_05]: Saw 3.
[SPEAKER_05]: President of theatrical marketing Tim Palin thought of the idea to make 1,000 posters with a small amount of Belle's blood, which was mixed with the printing ink.
[SPEAKER_00]: He said, I asked if it would be possible to use actual blood.
[SPEAKER_00]: There was silence.
[SPEAKER_00]: He said, We could try.
[SPEAKER_00]: But are you serious?
[SPEAKER_00]: I said, I was dead serious.
[SPEAKER_00]: The posters were sold for $20 with the first being auctioned off and the proceeds from the auction poster were donated to the Red Cross.
[SPEAKER_00]: Lionsgate also held the third annual GiveTiloHertz blood drive, blah, blah, blah, blah.
[SPEAKER_00]: So and I'm reading that because it's a very similar gimmick.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's a blood drive to promote something and they use actual blood and part of it.
[SPEAKER_00]: I know, it's weird.
[SPEAKER_00]: No thank you.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's strange.
[SPEAKER_05]: No, thank you.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm fine with not having any potential biohazards.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, I have enough of them in my house.
[SPEAKER_00]: Arty McPherson chat says, Oh, just saw that headline of the seventh guest in VR.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that actually intrigues me.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, yes.
[SPEAKER_00]: Those taglines that go along the bottom.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, that's a VR experience of the seventh guest was supposed to come out soon, which obviously is a classic, classic 90 CD-ROM game, but obviously reimagined for the VR world.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'd be curious to check that out.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't really own any current VR platforms.
[SPEAKER_00]: Excuse me, I have PlayStation VR, but I haven't hooked that up since I moved into this house, so I don't see myself
[SPEAKER_00]: Grabbing that anytime soon.
[SPEAKER_00]: I did think it was interesting, though.
[SPEAKER_00]: One of the vendors that was exhibiting at TwitchCon, going back to that a little bit, was Facebook, or Meta, if you will, showing the MetaQuest 3.
[SPEAKER_00]: I thought that was interesting.
[SPEAKER_00]: They were really trying to get people to get on that a little bit.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was going nowhere near it.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's just my depth perception issues.
[SPEAKER_05]: 3D hits me.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I figured out what it is.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's just that I see too much of the 3D.
[SPEAKER_05]: Does that make sense?
[SPEAKER_05]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, like my eyes are really sensitive to that.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was just reading comments in chat here, PodCulture pointing out Kiss did that back in the 70s for a comic, which I'm assuming is a reference to the Blood and Ink thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, I took Bobby's 3D vision and added it to, you know, to my own collective.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, I think with that, we're going to move to wrap up the show tonight.
[SPEAKER_00]: I hope everybody has a great Halloween though.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'm sure most of you probably did your events this weekend, but for anybody that's going out on Tuesday night, I hope you all have fun.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank you all for being here tonight and listening to our show or listening throughout the week as the case may be.
[SPEAKER_00]: We really appreciate you all being here.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank you ever and always for listening to Orange Lounge Radio and supporting the show.
[SPEAKER_00]: If you enjoyed what you heard here, please tell a friend or two, help us spread the word.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura DarkSakura DarkSakura DarkSakura DarkSakura DarkSakura DarkSakura DarkSakura DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, I like the whole void thing.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think that's actually pretty fun.
[SPEAKER_05]: And I've had some, some pretty, you know, interesting people want to, like some killers want to actually farm.
[SPEAKER_05]: And of course, I love when you get a farming killer when it's just, you know, running around and being cooperative and hilarious.
[SPEAKER_00]: Can killers get you in the void?
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, actually, for everyone in the void, your powers don't work.
[SPEAKER_05]: You can't, you know, heal.
[SPEAKER_05]: You can't do anything.
[SPEAKER_05]: And if they hook you in the void, then you show up on the map.
[SPEAKER_05]: And the interesting thing is the way it's laid out is when you're on a map and you look up, you see that big black spiral, the purple and black spiral.
[SPEAKER_05]: And that's actually where the map is, the void map.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, interesting.
[SPEAKER_05]: So you can actually hear a terror radius when they're in the general same vicinity as you as if you were on one of the two story maps.
[SPEAKER_05]: But yeah, I'm gonna play some Debbie as long as I feel up to it.
[SPEAKER_05]: I may not stream the whole time I play, I'll put it that way, but I'm gonna mostly do Killer, but if anyone wants to hop on some Savuvar, I can be convinced.
[SPEAKER_05]: I just have to finish two Killer things so that I can get the Knight's weapon.
[SPEAKER_05]: So yeah, I'll be off to the Debbies.
[SPEAKER_05]: Bye, everyone.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Have a good night.
[SPEAKER_00]: DarkSakura, we'll see you next week.
[SPEAKER_00]: You too.
[SPEAKER_00]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_00]: All right.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, with that, we will move on to Loki and your final thought tonight.
[SPEAKER_04]: My final thought is hopefully there'll be more Minecraft content coming out for me later this week.
[SPEAKER_04]: So look for that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Sounds good.
[SPEAKER_00]: My final thought, I don't know, I don't have a lot.
[SPEAKER_00]: I guess on a non-gaming note, I was able to host yet another Rocky Horror Picture Show last night and it was sold out and it was a great feeling and I've just, I've really been enjoying doing all these like live hosting things, but that was my last one for the year, so I'm hoping that some really good stuff is ahead for next year.
[SPEAKER_00]: Exciting times and looking to do more conventions and all that stuff and trying to amp up some of that in-person stuff.
[SPEAKER_00]: Always a good feeling, so.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Thank you so much for listening to our show this week.
[SPEAKER_00]: We appreciate you all for being here.
[SPEAKER_00]: Have a wonderful week, trick or treat.
[SPEAKER_00]: And we'll see you next time in November, believe it or not.
[SPEAKER_00]: And by this time next week, Mariah Carey will be dethawed.
[SPEAKER_00]: Look out, everybody.
[SPEAKER_00]: Have a good night, everybody.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh my god, Diddy Archaholic.
[SPEAKER_00]: Hi, good to see you.
[SPEAKER_00]: Special shout out at the end.
[SPEAKER_00]: Hi, who came to the show last night and made me so happy.
[SPEAKER_00]: Okay, bye, everyone.
[SPEAKER_03]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_03]: Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
[SPEAKER_03]: To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
[SPEAKER_03]: The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.